Okay, okay, I see what's happening, yeah
You're face-to-face with greatness and it's strange
You don't even know how you feel, it's adorable
Well, it's nice to see that humans never change
Open your eyes, let's begin
Yes, it's really me, it's Maui, breathe it in
I know it's a lot: the hair, the bod
When you're starin' at a demigod

[Chorus]
What can I say except "you're welcome"
For the tides, the sun, the sky?
Hey, it's okay, it's okay, you're welcome
I'm just an ordinary demi-guy

[Verse 2]
Hey! What has two thumbs and pulled up the sky
When you were waddling yay high? This guy
When the nights got cold, who stole you fire from down below?
You're lookin' at him, yo!
Oh, also I lassoed the sun, you're welcome
To stretch your days and bring you fun
Also I harnessed the breeze, you're welcome
To fill your sails and shake your trees
You might also like[Chorus]
So what can I say except "you're welcome"
For the islands I pulled from the sea?
There's no need to pray, it's okay, you're welcome, ha!
I guess it's just my way of being me

[Post-Chorus]
You're welcome, you're welcome
Well, come to think of it

[Bridge]
Kid, honestly, I could go on and on
I could explain every natural phenomenon
The tide, the grass, the ground?
Oh, that was Maui just messin' around
I killed an eel, I buried its guts
Sprouted a tree, now you got coconuts
What's the lesson? What is the takeaway?
Don't mess with Maui when he's on a breakaway
And the tapestry here in my skin
Is a map of the victories I win
Look where I've been, I make everything happen
Look at that mean Mini-Maui just tickety-tappin'
Ha ha ha ha ha hey

[Chorus]
Well anyway, let me say "you're welcome" (You're welcome...ha ha ha)
For the wonderful world you know?
Hey, it's okay, it's okay, you're welcome (You're welcome...ha ha ha)
Well, come to think of it, I gotta go
Hey, it's your day to say "you're welcome" (You're welcome...ha ha ha ha)
'Cause I'm gonna need that boat
I'm sailing away, away, you're welcome (You're welcome...ha ha ha ha)
'Cause Maui can do everything but float (You're welcome)
[Post-Chorus]
You're welcome (You're welcome)
You're welcome

[Outro]
And thank you!