Rhymes galore, rhymes galore
Rhymes galore, rhymes galore, rhymes galore
Rhymes galore, rhymes galore
This for the motherfuckers out there on some real hip hop shit

[Verse]
Yo, yo yo, mayday mayday, mayday mayday
Walk barefoot on niggas like Kunta Kinte
(So, what you say?)
What is you doin' when you walkin' this way
I burn you like I'm smokin' a chalice with El Da Sensei

I be designin' fashion like Mark Buchanan
Yes I keep it slammin'
Shit just be bangin'
Just like a loose cannon (blaow!)

You better park, niggas
I spark niggas, like sharp niggas
I stay up rippin' shit apart, niggas
Float over water like Noah's Ark, niggas
Cover yo' face, and don't get caught up in the scene when it get dark, niggas (uhh?)

Excuse me Mrs!
Sure to hit you with the fitness
Give you niggas the sickest
Jumpin' Jehovah Witness
Beamin' in on niggas plottin' and schemin'
And steady dreamin'
On how they gon' do they double-teamin'
You might also likeFuck the bullshit!

My nigga it be best you know 'bout it
Before you get secret indicted
Make me slap a nigga lopsided
Hold up, son listen it be so beautiful
When we catch you
Like a nigga sold us too much pharmaceuticals

Come and get it quick!

When Busta Rhymes be up in the place
Those who don't like it, go get the dick I'll give you a taste!
Aiyyo you need to just focus on my earth tremblin' rhymes
That got me fillin' in by the million
Fuck-a yo' opinion!
Dominatin' like Kings Dominion
Leanin' on niggas like we on motorcycles pop-a-wheeliein'

Aiyyo, number one roman numeral
Completing the executional shit as usual
I ain't scared of ya!
Takin' all of yo' paraphernalia
That's my word on Mrs Mahalia
I hope you know yo' best bet
Is to get the fuck out of my area
Before I rip you from out yo' interior
And I hope you know you got to keep a corny nigga smothered
Grab the gat off the cupboard
You never know when shit is safe so keep yo' face covered!
While I be scorchin' it
A lot of niggas be lookin' for alternates
And still just lose they life that's so unfortunate

Trailblazin' me, since my mother started raisin' me
Hit you with the powerful shit that sometimes amazes me
I create junkies just like "12 Monkeys"
Spreadin' right throughout yo' block
Catchin suspects who thinkin' they so lucky

Loud and clear for those who cannot properly hear
Frequency so loud, shatter, couple appear in yo' chandelier
Now when I'm in the place, give me my space
Nothin left for me to do, my niggas blew up the place
What the fuck

[Outro]
I got rhymes galore, rhymes galore
Y'all, I got rhymes galore, rhymes galore
My Flipmode niggas got rhymes galore, rhymes galore
Busta Rhymes got rhymes galore, rhymes galore
Aiyyo yo, we got rhymes galore
Yo we got rhymes galore, rhymes galore
Rhymes galore, rhymes galore, rhymes galore
Me and my Squad got rhymes galore!
Fuck that