Panther Squadron be the illest. Refer to we as the villains
Knocking down the fucking building. Curb stomping all the children
Never gave a fuck nor shit, she probably suck a hundred dicks
So what's that in my pants? That's just my CANNON

First things first, I go first bitch
Them Panther Boys, go harder than band camp in Aushwitz
"Aww shit, it's Jeremiah and his cool kids."
Hanging out in backyards, rocking fucking nooses
And whose this?
Queen City Black Fucking Panthers
Cannon flow will make you go and put your fucking hands up
And stand up, comedy
Yeah you nigga's asinine
Girlie got an ass so thick, tell her get her ass in line
To pass the time
You can catch me swagging on swag street
Rocking rhymes and chilling with my black panther athletes
Busting hoes, leave em bloody nosed, y'all ain't having me
Switch foot with a kick push, naw y'all ain't passing me
I dare a motherfucker to come and try to compete
My cannon verses your dagger bitch, you'll probably get your ass beat
So I say, sayonara, hit you with a wave
Bow down to me faggots before my niggas misbehave
You might also like[Hook]
I know we've just begun
Queen City Black Panthers, bitch we do this shit for fun
And if, swag is what you're looking for; I guess we're number one
Don't talk to my gun. Talk to my cannon

[Verse 2: Mack Attack]
Yo I don't talk shit I just run it
You think you setting trends, boy I done done it
You playing this game to win man? I done won it
I never see a female go, cause I keep her coming
All these girls trying to turn me into we, but I just wanna roll with them
Like some ecstasy. It's too hard to be like me
I guess you can say, that I'm the realest thing that the blind can see
Yeah I'm a cocky nigga, hand on the cannon trigger
Swag getting bigger, like I make eight figures
On my Jeffrey Damher, watch me strangle the beat
Competition go ahead and take the motherfuckin back seat
This a world, where you either trust people, play the fool
Or scream "DTA" and "FUCK ALL THE RULES"
Mack and Black Panthers Trust, we way too cool
We stay posted, teaching all of y'all like this was school

[Hook]

[Verse 3: Dexter Tha Hipster]
You don't wanna battle, I'll bring my cattle to trample;
And I stay with the heat, like I was maintaining a candle
And I hold the wax raw, like, what the fuck is a handle?
Then incinerate your body, leave your brain on the mantle
My whole life is a scandal. Filled with everything you fucking hate
Big Bitch with Big Tits. Like who cares about fucking weight?
And all of you biters can get out of my fucking way
Before I bring you down like a loud noise to a Soufflé
Cut you up, put ya body in a fucking suitcase
Gag you with a pocket square
Ask you how that suit taste
My etiquette is vintage bitch, too hard to replace
Going after a dream I had once, but now I gotta re-chase
Oops let me rephrase, too ill; too sick
I spit that hot shit like my tounge was filled with ACID
Dexter, bitch
[Hook]