Yo, what should I say?
I don't really know what to say

[Verse 1: R.A. The Rugged Man]
Ruin your idol, I'm glued to the Bible and my rifle
Losing your title, instead of shootin', you suin' for libel
Everybody hate me cause I stay true to the facts
The Ku Klux Klan hate me more than Jews and blacks
Yeah, you over for certain, you can pray to whoever
Jehovah, Buddha, Allah, Jesus, Mother Mary the Virgin
Is it the violence that the TV taught us?
I grew up worshipping Charles Bronson
John Rambo and Chuck Norris
Pazienza the Pazmanian Damien, rapping the pain he in
Crackin' ya cranium, I'm mackin' Mahogany at the Palladium
I'm Bruce Leroy, you Eddie Arkadian
I got the gat and the black and the Arabian
I'm waterboardin' like Dick Cheney and
Yo, back at the first day of my birth
The moment I was born I was condemned by the Catholic Church
Warsaw, battlin' the streets we inhabited
I'm sugar like Ray Robinson, you ain't even saccharine
Leavin' you staggerin', makin' an impact
New York, we created this rap
This a blatant attack, East Coast we takin' it back
Come on!
You might also like[Hook: Amalie Bruun]
Life is love, death, pain, pain
Nothin' ain't left, ain't nothin' to gain
Life is love, death, pain, pain
Nothin' ain't left, ain't nothin' to gain

[Verse 2: Vinnie Paz]
I'm lettin' these motherfuckers live, it was truly compassion
I brutally bash 'em, 'cause I'm steadily losin' my passion
Tell Louie to stab 'em
Or to shoot 'em with two different Magnums
I'm usually packin', carry hawks like I'm Julian Jackson
I rob 'em for Gucci, I'm a thief, these are Lucifer's actions
I'm a provider, I'm a messiah, Jesus's assassin
I don't think it's anybody livin' that truly could match 'em
I slaughter Buddha through the computer, Medusa's companion
A lotta rappers wanna beef with the lion
Ain't too many people that's as fucking lethal as I am
I feast 'em and fry 'em, Vinnie so at peace with the violence
I exercise absolute power, peace to the tyrants
I'm old school like quarter waters and eatin' in silence
You new school like faggot rappers competin' for prizes
I'ma send you to the afterlife, speak to Osiris
And when he ask you why you there tell him the lethalest virus
Yeah! Rrratt!
[Hook: Amalie Bruun]
Life is love, death, pain, pain
Nothin' ain't left, ain't nothin' to gain
Life is love, death, pain, pain
Nothin' ain't left, ain't nothin' to gain

[Outro: Vinnie Paz]
Yeah, Pazienza!
The legendary R.A. The Rugged Man!
What up, cuzzo? Real rap, lyrical shit!
Philly to New York!