Darwin’s right
The logic’s tight
Tribes that unite win
The evolutionary fight

“Survival of the fittest” that phrase gets twisted
All the time to justify the meager existence
That poor people live with; it gets enlisted
By social parasites just in it for self-interest
Like psychopaths and eugenicists
And deregulated traders of economic derivatives
But listen, “Social Darwinism”
Is not scientific, it’s a kind of sickness
Just ‘cause something exists in a state of nature
Doesn’t give it a moral basis; that’s a false correlation
Competition is a great motivator
But humans are social, we’re supercooperators
Why? ‘Cause we survive or we die in groups
And the survivors make the best combined moves
So, can’t we all just get along
Whatever we try and do?

Everybody’s thinkin’ survival, no
Makin’ everybody their rival, no
Unite the tribe, and we will rise
Together, together
You might also likeYeah, group selection puts me in an altruistic mood
So don’t try to tell me that I’m just confused
Haven’t you ever been part of a synergistic group
That’s just 'in the groove'?
Like: Yeah, love thy neighbour! What’s that?
You need some sugar? Okay, come by later!
Of course I’ll do you a favour; why’s that?
‘Cause I’ve got the compassion of a vampire bat
If you need some food, I’ll do what I can
So what if we’re not related; you’re still my man
You’re still my sister; I feel high, man!
This universal love is good stuff, god damn!
This isn’t wishful thinking y’all
This is how altruism evolves
Some people say group selectionism is false
But I say let the evidence call it

Everybody’s thinkin’ survival, no
Makin’ everybody their rival, no
Unite the tribe, and we will rise
Together, together

There ain’t no need for direct reciprocation either
Because “karma” is a sophisticated teacher
Karma isn’t just energy waves in the ether!
No, karma’s in the way everyone hates a cheater
Cheater detection will keep you in check when
People feel like you don’t treat ‘em with respect
So go ahead and run me down
‘Cause I believe what goes around comes around
You wanna be a pariah? That’s fine with me
Liars and thieves and those who try to deceive
Get dealt with by reputation and by the police
All the immune systems of society
And “survival of the fittest”? Don’t it baffle you
“Fitness” is just another word for “aptitude”
Between you and the habitat you’re adapted to
So try to relax, and adapt your attitude
The habitat you have to adapt to is the group
‘Cause without the group, man, you would be panther food
So stop asking what the group can do for you
And ask what you can do for the group
Is that cool?
Everybody’s thinkin’ survival, no
Makin’ everybody their rival, no
Unite the tribe, and we will rise
Together, together

Back to back
We unite the wolfpack

Unite the tribe, and we will rise
Together, together