
2. The AG must revise the Attorney General’s Guidelines to: 1) remove the FBI’s authority to conduct “assessments” without a factual predicate of wrongdoing; 2) prohibit racial and ethnic mapping; and 3) prohibit the FBI from undertaking “Preliminary Investigations” unless they are supported by articulable facts and particularized suspicion, and properly limited in time and scope; 4) prohibit the FBI from tasking informants or using undercover agents in Preliminary Investigations.

3. The AG must direct the Justice Department’s Civil Rights Division to investigate the FBI’s counterterrorism training materials and intelligence products to identify and remove information that is factually incorrect; exhibits bias against any race, ethnicity, religion or national origin; or improperly equates First Amendment-protected activity or non-violent civil disobedience with
terrorism.

4. The AG must direct the Civil Rights Division to investigate the FBI’s domain management and racial and ethnic profiling programs and determine whether the FBI used these programs to improperly target intelligence operations or investigations based on race, ethnicity, religion, or national origin.

5. The AG must direct the Justice Department Inspector General to review the FBI’s extraterritorial activities, particularly incidents involving proxy detentions of Americans, FBI interrogation policies and practices, and the improper use of the No Fly List to compel Americans to submit to interviews or agree to become an informant.

6. The AG must end ‘secret law’ by declassifying and releasing secret legal interpretations of its surveillance authorities, including but not limited to: 1) FISA Court opinions interpreting the scope of U.S. government’s surveillance authorities, particularly under Section 215 of the USA Patriot Act and Section 702 of FISA; 2) the January 8, 2010, OLC opinion interpreting the Electronic Communications Privacy Act to allow the FBI to obtain certain communication records without legal process in non-emergency situations; and 3) the June 2012 version of the FBI DIOG.