
[Verse 1]
More than just a moment, seeming like forever
Everything you holding, slowly getting better
Patience is a virtue, virtues nonexistent
Pacing in these circles, feeling apprehensive
'Bout to lose your mind, 'bout to lose your mind
The world is full of selfish ones that's out to do for thine
Helping hands, don't even waste your time
You dependent on these suckas, should've been a bloody grind
Push it to the limit, bet you'll make it in a year or two
Looking in the mirror, nothing's changed in a year or two
Hopes up, brought down
No luck, none found
And I heard 'em say, that's nothing's ever promised tomorrow or today
So if I sound ungrateful, pardon me
I'm only speaking from the heart, my honesty
Let 'em know

[Hook]
I ain't never had a handout
No wonder why a ma'fucka stand out, yellin'
(Hoooh, oooh)
And it's always the darkest before the dawn
Never stop for these niggas, never stop
Never stop for these niggas, never stop
Never stop for these niggas, never stop
And it's always the darkest before the dawn
You might also like[Verse 2]
Woke up, what the fuck yo?
I was supposed to feel better, what the fuck though
I had a dream I was living what I dreamed for
But I'm guessing that nothing is what it ever seems so
Another day, another 7:25 shift
I'm just praying that I can shut up and survive it
Man, the rents next week and my lights out
Somebody please tell me this isn't what life's 'bout
(...) let's play hide and seek
Her daughter's joy abundant as she covers up her cheeks
Practicing innovation for the sake of her release
Just wants to be a stable mother, trouble doesn't cease
Daddy's incarcerated, hasn't stayed in touch in weeks
It's all good a couple years ago
Fast forward, mother can barely pay for cereal
Honest mistakes embrace what's really going on
And remember that it's always the darkest before the dawn, like

[Hook]

[Verse 3]
Struggle until you die slow
All in vein shame, like why'd I even try for?
Dreams shattered, walk through the valley with a blindfold
Guided by something that isn't tangible as (...?)
Seeds thinking his very daughter's but a cancer
Dusting my shoulders, tightin' buckles, pulling my pants up
What? Huh, guessing it's time to stand up
Falling for anything if I doesn't, cousin
[Bridge]
I thought I would roll up, getting my dough up
And to my surprise, I saw none of it show up
They told me to hol' up, remember to know what--
--ever you reap is whatever you sow
You better let it go  (Let it go, let it go)
You better let it go (Let it go, let it go)
I said you better let it go (Let it go, let it go)
Cause it's always the darkest before the dawn

[Hook]

[Spoken Outro]
Don't be afraid to fail. Failure doesn't keep us away from what we desire in this world. Fear does. Fear is the absence of love. The absence of trust. The absence of belief. It is fear that destroys us. To embrace failure is to embrace growth. It is fear--not failure--that holds us back