Yeah, yeah, you came back and you failed, uh
Second place, can't be in my face, oh, nah
Thick pockets, they think I'm rockin' Chanel
Fat wallet, lil' bitch, you know I got here
Out of pocket with your bitch, Chanel
Done grew me some horns, baby, I'm from hell
Southside, I was in Riverdale
Off molly, that two-tone pill
Rich nigga with all these fuckin' girls
He next, I put him on the mural
She's next, I told her she my girl
Oh, you like that? (Oh, you like that? Oh, you like that?)
Ahahahaha (Oh, you like that?), yeah (Oh, you like that?)
(Oh, you like that? Oh, you like that?)
Oh

[Chorus]
Uh, put 'em on the news or somethin' (Schyeah)
Put 'em on the news (Ha, sa)
Put 'em on the news or somethin' (Schyeah)
Put 'em on the news (Sa, sa), yeah
Put 'em on the news or somethin' (Schyeah)
Put 'em on the news, yeah (Sa)
Put 'em on the news or somethin' (Schyeah)
Put 'em on the news, yeah (Ah)
Put 'em on the news or somethin' (Wassup)
Put 'em on the news ('Sup)
Put 'em on the news or somethin' (Wassup)
Put 'em on the news ('Sup)
Put 'em on the news or somethin' (Wassup)
Put 'em on the news (Let's go)
You might also like[Bridge]
2024, Music
Oh, oh (Hm)

[Verse 2]
Put 'em on the news or somethin'
I'm evil like Luci' son
A whole lotta bitches be hatin' on me 'cause I got all the buns
Had to fall back with my last bitch 'cause she was just playin' with my lil' time
I'm travelin' the world like the Pope, bringin' the presidents right to my son
Shawty, you gotta be cancer, you make me feel some type way
And no, I can't be canceled 'cause you feel some type way, uh, uh
I'm in the lane, ándale, ándale, ándale
Uh, I'ma keep killin' these hoes, I'm fuckin' on Bombay
Pink in my cup like a brain, sippin' on zombie
Bust the ho, do my braids, then I go hungry
I'm cookin' up like Montay, bitches on me (DJ Montay)
I told her, "The glove don't fit," I'm feelin' like O.J., ooh
The racks in my pocket and I link with Oji
Ooh, two fours in the Sprite, got me feelin' like Kobe, R.I.P., uh
All my boys, they strapped up, don't try shit
Walk inside the party, bitch, we all narcissists
Haha, oh, you like that? Yeah (Whatchu say, Guap?)
Uh, oh, you like that? Yeah, ah, ah
(Oh, you like that?) Oh
[Chorus]
Uh, put 'em on the news or somethin'
Put 'em on the news, ha
Put 'em on the news or somethin', woah
Put 'em on the news, ha
Put 'em on the news or somethin', woah
Put 'em on the news, ha
Put 'em on the news or somethin', woah
Put 'em on the news, ha
Put 'em on the news or somethin', hol' up
Put 'em on the news, gang, ha
Put 'em on the news, ha
Put 'em on the news, ha
Put 'em on the news, ha

[Outro]
Oh, hahaha, schyeah