Hey man, do you think you could lend me a bit of cash?
12 for two bottles of red wine 10 for a Ben's of hash
You could buy some K and we could make it through the night
Something in my head has made me scared of what’s inside
I've had an awful day, I'm feeling sorry for myself
Don’t tell me to stop, I didn't come to you for help
Just to get a loan to buy myself some wine and beer
Fill this hole of mine and let my troubles disappear

[Verse 1]
Belle bouteille, viens ici que j'te caresse
Tu me plais et j'ai un peu de monnaie donc allons à la caisse
Prends ma main, on va se balader et dépêche toi ça presse
Laisse-moi reposer mes lèvres, faut se saouler en express
J'ai un boulot qui me pèse, laisse moi apaiser mes peines
On peut appeler tes potes
Moretti pas Heineken
Plus de cœur entre mes côtes
Comprends-tu petite en verre, tout le rouge que tu contiens laisse le couler dans mes veines...
(Le chat est parti dansant dans la rue
Mais plus de battement de cœur on s'en tape de ton châtiment)
Et à la main une belle ‘teille de vin
Tu me gardes maladroit
Et je te garderai frais sous les ombres noires des bâtiments
On me dit que j'abuse
Je joue Albert Camus
Je veux des femmes nues, de la bouffe, un peu d'art
Et je battis mon chemin
C’est pour ça que j’suis puni
Entre collines faites de vin
Je dirais que j'suis bien loti
You might also like[Verse 2]
Motor city hella class in the night
Heavy hand serves nicely when the pelican arrives
Half-ass lights act as candles for a Blanche
When desire for the use of double-bedding comes to mind
Swig a bit of house, it embellishes the night
Let the liquor in the wine be the flicker in the glass frame
Wizard took the pulse that resided in my cage
Saino’s £4,99 be the red flow in my veins
Life in Motor City kinda pricey, but if you're feeling lucky
There's a couple Mecca Bingos
Win a bit of copper dough
Spend it on a bottle go
Linger by the wide-eyed in need of a lighter (guy comes up n' says)
"I’m in need of some guidance, why would a guy so mighty delight in my suffering, what a shoddy kingdom
Driven by my Wille zum Leben;
I'm sad and I'm lonely again"

[Hook]
I said: Hey man! (quoi qu'est ce qu'il y a ?) Take a walk on the wild side (qu'est ce qu'il veut ce bouffon, tu veux une claque ou quoi ?)
No. Hey man, (quoi je te jure, j'vais te gifler) take a walk on the wild side (arrête avec ton wild side de merde là)
No, and Chill man, Hey man, (Hey man, ouais j'ai compris) take a walk on the wild side. (aaaah! ah oui)
There you go
Hey man, take a walk on the wild side. (and the moon man says…)

[Chorus]
Hey, man do you think you could lend me a bit of cash?
12 for two bottles of red wine 10 for a Ben's of hash
You could buy some K and we could make it through the night
Something in my head has made me scared of what's inside
I've had an awful day, I'm feeling sorry for myself
Don't tell me to stop I didn't come to you for help
Just to get a loan to buy myself some wine and beer
Fill this hole of mine and let my troubles disappear