No, you ain't
Check

[Verse 1: Danny Brown]
Throw it back for a thick boy
I'm a outcast, still outlast
Your favorite rapper, no hits, boy
This offshore cost more than yours (Uh-huh)
Had Dior three years ago (Style)
Made my way, carved my own lane
Still hatin', do my own thing (Yeah)
Ain't cryin' over no spilled milk (Nah)
Fuckin' bitches like Wilt the Stilt (Style)
Made it off the deep, coulda got killed (Ha)
Or locked up, we don't fuck with death (Ha)
But guess what, bitch? We back, ho
We ain't never left, just sound good
But guess what, bitch? We back, ho
'Cause we ain't never left, just sound good (Uh)
I'm Detroit Red on a whole lotta X (Ow)
He ain't in my pocket and I got that check
Had to chеck for the shoestring
If you try to shoot, things might jam up, so try your—
Don't try to be lookin' out
Keep it on mе if you try to doubt
What the fuck is you talkin' 'bout?
Seen a lot homie, and watch your mouth
You might also like[Chorus: Danny Brown & JPEGMAFIA]
Guess what? We on (We on)
Me and Peggy, we gone (We gone)
Up outta here and we smokin' that strong
Feelin' like Mike, just leave me alone
Guess what, ho? We on (We on)
Me and Peggy, we gone (We gone)
Up outta here and we smokin' that strong (Well)
Feelin' like Mike, just leave me alone (Style)
Guess what, ho? We on (We on)
Me and Peggy, we gone (We gone)
Up outta here, smokin' that strong (Let's go)
Feelin' like Mike, just leave me alone (Uh)

[Verse 2: JPEGMAFIA]
That money can't save you, bitch (No)
Them guards can't save you, bitch (Uh-uh)
Your pimp just playin' you, bitch (That's right)
How you wanna be a thug and you rich? (Why?)
You can tell they was raised like some bitches
Creepy niggas always wanna kick it
Give percentage 'cause they want an image
Them people put all of your fam' in a ditch, sni-
Bitch, play me, you gone, just leave me alone
I got a pistol, it's shiny and chrome
Straight to your face, now we hollow your home
Uh-oh, you know (You know)
Me and Danny, we pros (Pros)
Feelin' like Mike, just give me the goal
I'm feelin' like Biggie, they givin' me mo', huh
Woah, woah, woah, uh, let's go, uh
Rappers gettin' extorted (Yeah)
Like hoes who can't afford it (Let's go)
Gotta check in with they daddy
But they get pushed down the toilet
Your fate came with a price and for that price you gettin' aborted
These fake-ass wannabe gangstas turn to actors when they mournin'
Y'all tried to bring the heat, that's how shit pop, Alonzo Mourning
She sing my song to me after we fuck, that bitch retarded
[Chorus: Danny Brown]
Guess what, ho? We on (We on)
Me and Peggy, we gone (We gone)
Up outta here and we smokin' that strong
Feelin' like Mike, just leave me alone
Guess what, ho? We on (We on)
Me and Peggy, we gone (We gone)
Up outta here and we smokin' that strong (Well)
Feelin' like Mike, just leave me alone (Style)

[Outro]
I'm ready, I'm ready
No, you ain't
Girl, I'm warning you (Girl, I'm warning you)
If you want my man (If you want my man)
You should just keep your hands to yourself, now-now (Oh-whoa)
Playa, I'm warnin' you
If you want my girl, I suggest that you look (I suggest that you)
Girl, I'm warning you (Girl, I'm warning you)
If you want my man (If you want my man)
You should just keep your hands to yourself, now-now (Oh-whoa)
Playa, I'm warnin' you
If you want my
(Uh)