Girl, nah
Right now
You are now tuned in
Pen Griffey
I'm still going in
“Who is he?”
Mothafucka’ I’m him (Yeah, let’s get it)

[Chorus]
I'm comin' back for good so let them niggas know it's mine
“I already got someone” is what you tell 'em every time
That shit ain't up for grabs, where you at on the map?
I come to where you at, fuck around and end up your last, I won't hold back

[Post-Chorus]
Yeah, I won't hold back, this time
I won't hold back, I won't hold back, I-I-I-I won't hold back

[Verse 1]
It's about time I do it
It's about time I say this shit
Spent a lot of time on the waitin' list
Roll up the doja then blaze that shit
Who gonna give you lovin' the same as this?
A-game girl, I bring that shit
I know you want the same last name as him
Him bein' Tiller, he a solid young nigga
He been real ever since, I know you been tense
I know we ain't had a conversation in a minute
But you know what they say, if it ain't broken then don’t fix it
It's clearly not broken, it's just so unfinished
I feel like my new bitch was just your apprentice
And we just got into it, here comes the endin'
You said this shit would happen, girl, that was your prediction
Said I'll never find no one like you and I should have listened
Who you fucking with now, is that any of my business?
Whoever it is may not be finished, but...
You might also like[Chorus]
I'm comin' back for good do let them niggas know it's mine
“I already got someone” is what you tell 'em every time
That shit ain't up for grabs, where you at on the map?
I come to where you at, fuck around and end up your last, I won't hold back

[Verse 2]
I hope you still feel the same way
Don't say the same shit to me, you'll never change, oh yeah
I said it once, girl, you so fine, can we do it like old times?
Or nah, so fly, oh, why didn't you
Tell me get my shit together and think it through?
A nigga just been sittin' here not knowin' what to do
Ayy, thinking shit like who's out there fucking you?
And who's keepin' you comfortable?

[Interlude]
She gon' give me a second chance or nah?
Did I make you fall in love again or nah?
Fuck them other niggas, you're mine
Hey baby, hey, girl
[Outro]
I'm so different
Nothin' like them other niggas
Nothin' like them other niggas
Nothin' like them other niggas
Shawty, you so different
Nothin' like them other bitches
Nothin' like them other bitches
Nothin' like them other bitches
Comin' back for good so let—
—know it's mine...
Someone is what you tell 'em—
Every time, every time, every time