There were four generations of love on her face
She was so wise
No surprise passed her eyes
She'd seen it all
I was a child, oh, about three or four
All day, I'd ask questions
At night, I'd ask more
But whenever
She never would ever turn me away

I'd say, "How can I be sure if it's right or wrong
And why does what I want always take so long?
Please tell me where does God live
And why won't he talk to me?
I'd say, "Grandma, what is love?  Will I ever find out?
Why are we so poor?  What is life about?
I wanna know the answers before I fall off to sleep."
Whoa, oh, whoa, oh, whoa, oh, oh

She saw the smile as she tucked me in
Then she pulled up that old rocking chair once again
But tonight, she was slightly, remarkably different somehow
Slowly she rocked looking half asleep
Grandma yawned as she stretched, then she started to speak
What she told me would mold me
And hold me together insi-i-i-i-i-i-i-ide
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah
You might also likeShe said, "All the things you ask, you will know someday
But you have got to live in a patient way
God put us here by fate
And by fate, that means better days."
She said, "Child, we are all moons in the dark of night
Ain't no morning gonna come 'til the time is right
Can't get to no better days lest you make it through the night."
You gotta make it through the night, yes you do

You can't get to no better days
Unless you make it through the night
Ohhhh, you will see those better days
But you gotta be patient, be patient
Oh baby.  (Be patient.)

Later that year at the turn of spring
Heaven sent angels down and gave Grandma her wings
Now she's flying and sliding and gliding
In be-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-etter days

And although I'm all grown up, I still get confused
I'd stumble through the dark getting bumped and bruised
When night gets in my way, I could still hear my grandma say...
I can hear her say...
I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I can hear her say
(Be patient, be patient.) You can't get to no better days
Unless you make it through the night, baby.  (You can make it.)
Ohhhh, you will see those better days, (Be patient, be patient.)
But you gotta be patient, child.  (You can make it.)
Do you hear me, yeah
Well, well, well, well, well
(Be patient, be patient.) You can't get to no better days
Unless you make it...(You can make it.)
You got to make it, you got to make it
You got to make it through the night
(Be patient, be patient.) Oh Grandma, oh Grandma
Do you see me now, lady?  (You can make it.)
Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, ah, ah, ah, ah
She used to sit me on my knee.  (Be patient, be patient.)
She used to comb my hair
She used to tell me stories.  (You can make it.)
My grandma took me everywhere