Do you play the keys? I can play that
Do you play the sax? I can play that too
Do you play the marimba? I can play that
Do you play the cymbals? I can play that too
Do you play the tuba? I can play that
Do you play the trombone? I can play that too
Do you play the trumpet? Nah, Brasstracks
But if we talkin’ harpsichord, I play that too 'cause

[Chorus: Masego]
Everything’s every damn thing, I do everything, yeah (Yeah)
(I say) Everything’s every damn thing, I do everything, yeah (Yeah)
'Cause I do this, I do that, they gon' dance and they gon' clap
I do this, I do that, they gon' dance and they gon' clap
Just because everything’s every damn thing, I do everything, yeah

[Interlude: Masego]
(Hol’ up)
Uh, 23 with a money tree

[Verse 2: Masego]
(Uh, yeah, listen) Sixth grade, met a girl, got curved, kinda hurt, but I learned she loved that sax
Begged mom and I learned got good, real good, first chair and I got her back
Self-taught radio every day 'til the day that girl stopped lovin' me
So I say, "Why you stop?" She said, "Jamie Foxx funny, man" and I played those keys
So I played those keys
Snuck into church and I slayed those keys
Kicked outta class 'cause they hatin' on me
Never let a man put a grade on me
I just want her heart
I don’t care about that grade or thing, I just need that girl near me
So I learned and I learned, I swear I’m the best ever
I swear I’m a legend, I'm 'a get whatever I want, girl, I say that
You might also like[Pre-Chorus: Masego & (Backing Vocals)]
(Everything’s every damn thing I do everything, yeah)
23 with a money tree
(Everything’s every damn thing I do everything, yeah)
Where’d the bass go? Hit me

[Chorus: Masego & Backing Vocals]
Everything’s every damn thing, I do everything, yeah
Everything’s every damn thing, I do everything yeah
Everything’s every damn thing. I do everything yeah (Yeah)
I say, everything’s every damn thing, I do everything yeah (Yeah)
'Cause I do this, I do that, they gon' dance and they gon' clap
I do this, I do that and they gon' dance and they gon' clap
Just because everything’s every damn thing, I do everything, yeah

[Interlude: Masego]
Yeah, that’s right. I did the beat, I did the singing, I did the sax, I did the drums, the hi-hats, I did the triangle. I done told you, l I do it all. Everything. I’m the best ever. Who cares what your favorite is? I is now. I did it. Ooh. Stop the song if you want. If you a real fan you gon' let me run it back. 'Cause it’s my birthday. 'Cause I’m 23. 'Cause I do what I want. I don’t want this on radio

[Bridge: Masego]
Yeah, yeah, ooh, ooh
Just the fire
Do it again baby
I do everything
I do, I do, I, I do everything
I do, I do, I, I do everything (Yeah)
[Pre-Chorus]
Do you play the drums? I can play that
Do you play the violin? I can play that too
What about harmonica? I can play that
What’s good with the maracas? I can play that too
How 'bout the xylophone? I can play that
How 'bout electric guitar? I can play that too
How 'bout the sousa-sousaphone? I can play that
Didgeridoo and triangle? I can play that too

[Chorus: Masego]
Everything’s every damn thing, I do everything, yeah (Yeah)
(I say) Everything’s every damn thing, I do everything, yeah (Yeah)
'Cause I do this, I do that, they gon' dance and they gon' clap
I do this, I do that, they gon' dance and they gon' clap
Just because everything’s every damn thing, I do everything, yeah

[Outro: Masego]
Yeah, it's, uh, 23 years man. It's been fan-tan-tan-tastic, ah, I do what I love for a living and it's amazing. I'm gonna go get a tattoo. If my mom hears that, I'm not getting a tattoo, I'm going to get a Bible protector for my Bible to make sure it doesn't get rained on. All right, gotta, gotta go. Send me money 'cause um, you know, that's the—*vibration*
Whoop, whoop, that's your girl calling, she's in love with me. But I am getting a Bible protector 'cause I don't even know how I got her number. I don't know, get out of my phone, get out of my phone, girl

[Outro: Cab Calloway]
Hi-de-hi-de-hi-de-ho
(Hi-de-hi-de-hi-de-ho)
Hey-de-hey-de-hey-de-hey
(Hey-de-hey-de-hey-de-hey)