Dot Da Genius, baby

[Chorus: Denzel Curry]
What the fuck do these people know about me? (Mhm)
Everybody on the block talk about me (Mhm)
Way back in the day, you used to doubt me (What?)
Now that you see I'm on, you wanna out me (Mhm)
What the fuck do these people know about me? (Mhm)
Everybody on the block talk about me (Mhm)
Way back in the day, you used to doubt me (What?)
Now that you see I'm on, you wanna out me

[Verse 1: Denzel Curry & Kid Cudi]
Got your, got your boy feelin' like I'm fat Gucci (Brr)
Feds wanna do me, hoes-hoes wanna sue me (Yuh)
If you get some money, better bring it back to me (Yeah)
Everybody on the web actin' like they knew me (Woo)
Never was a new me (Nah), I'm just rockin' new shit
Dress like I serve an eight ball, no pool stick (Yeah)
And my record clean, so I never do shit
Denzel an animal, yeah, I'm on my Zuu shit
Fuu shit, never could fly, dress like a chicken that's ready to fry
Curry The Killer, the nigga be I, take you for a ride
Cop a black on black hovercraft that float
Or I pull up in a Phantom like Kids See Ghosts, uh (Yeah)
You might also like[Chorus: Denzel Curry & Kid Cudi]
What the fuck do these people know about me? (Uh, uh)
Everybody on the block talk about me (Yeah)
Way back in the day, you used to doubt me (Uh, uh)
Now that you see I'm on, you wanna out me (Yeah)
What the fuck do these people know about me? (Uh, uh)
Everybody on the block talk about me (Yeah)
Way back in the day, you used to doubt me (Uh, uh, um)
Now that you see I'm on, you wanna out me (Yeah)

[Verse 2: Kid Cudi]
Women catchin' feelings, say they wanna have my children (Uh-huh)
Poppin' for the weekend and I'm bouncin' off the ceilin'
In the tree, got me down under play with the madness friend
Got 'em, get 'em off the, I'm too faded, faded often (Yeah)
Realest niggas, yeah, see it, let me hear it
Been the illest, ask Dennis, we been on that bitch and with it, hey-hey
Automatic (Hey), nigga don't want no static
Tried to tell him it was tragic, got that niggas in a panic and it (Yuh)
Too cold, two fold, watch me lean
I'm too focused, yo, I keep a new goal, I'm livin' dreams (Ha)
Type of negro that'll go in rage mode, the evil creeps
The Devil cannot hold a middle finger how it be (Uh, yeah)

[Chorus: Denzel Curry, Kid Cudi & JID]
What the fuck do these people know about me? (Uh, uh)
Everybody on the block talk about me (Yeah)
Way back in the day, you used to doubt me (Uh, uh)
Now that you see I'm on, you wanna out me (Yeah)
What the fuck do these people know about me? (Uh, uh)
Everybody on the block talk about me (Yeah)
Way back in the day, you used to doubt me (Yeah, uh, Uh, uh)
Now that you see I'm on, you wanna out me (Uh, look, Yeah)
[Verse 3: JID]
Tell me what the fuck do people know about the bros?
Bunch of pie flippin' niggas, they don't work at Dominos
Take a slice out a nigga, delivery, not Digiorno
Dinner before the sundown, then I was out the front door
Denim saggin', Girbaud, then I'm back in my mode
Bet a motherfuckin' black got my back
Anybody want a TEC? No
Let's go when the night get lit and the lights get low
When the light get shit but I might just go
'Cause I might just shift into crisis mode
Slight glitch, but I'm 'bout to explode
I'ma just go to where nobody knows me
I'm in a Ghost, mm, maybe the Rolls
Heard I was givin' up smoke, but double the dose (Double the dose)
I'm an adult, standin' on ten of my toes, stumble the roach
I don't be doin' the most, but if you know you know
But what the fuck you know?

[Outro: Denzel Curry & Kid Cudi]
Everybody on the block talk about me
Dot Da Genius, baby
Now that you see I'm on, you wanna out me