Hey, Jake!
I made one phone call
I got the same house as you
Same cars too, it's really not that hard
Oh, hey, by the way, welcome to the top, little brother!
Feels good, huh?
But let's not forget how you got here (Yah)
Yah, yeet

[Verse 1: Logan Paul]
Little brother Jakey try to roast me? (What?)
Little brother standing on his own two feet? (Not for long!)
I'm a dog, you're a puppy, call you Kong
Let's talk about your garbage that you call a song (Trash)
It should be every other day, just some strong advice
I made you famous once, it's about to happen twice
Yeah, you on Disney but who helped you read all your lines? (That's me)
Don't forget, boy, you were my shadow on Vine
Now you got a few subscribers and you think that you're the shit
I'll admit, you got money, you got bars, you got chicks
But you're a dick! You ain't thankful for your fans, it's kinda funny
Do your investors know Team 10 ain't making any money?
See, it starts with the talent, but it's hard when you got none
I think you kinda salty 'cause I'm the favorite son
I'm a maverick, you're a sidekick; yeah, I brought you to LA
If there's one thing you should know: you don't fuck with the Logang!
You might also like[Verse 2: Daniel Seavey, Jack Avery, Corbyn Besson, (Zach Herron) & Jonah Marais]
Hold up, I'ma throw up
Looking at your face you don't know what it means to glow up
Trying to dance and acting class
It's doing nothing now you try to rap
Come on, hold up
Catch the flow, you can't, oh no
(Maybe Team 10's got it), I mean, that's how you grow
But you still can't sell out any shows
No, you still can't find some matching clothes

[Chorus: Why Don't We & Logan Paul]
Yah, yeet
You're just killing the vibe, yeah (Fact)
You ain't doing it right, yeah (Double fact)
Trying to play ball with the dogs
You don't know what you've done you just ruined your life, yeah
You're killing the vibe, yeah
You ain't doing it right, yeah
Trying to play ball with the dogs
You don't know what you've done you just ruined your life, yeah

[Bridge: Logan Paul]
What happened, Jake?
Man, we used to love each other
After all, we came from the same mother
Biologically, you know that makes us brothers
So much negativity, it really makes me wonder (Why?)
I feel like you just need a Maverick shirt (Link in description!)
When you insult me, Jakey, it really hurts
Sometimes I wish my real brother was Dirk (Disney)
But now I gotta go and put you in the dirt
[Interlude: Logan Paul]
Yo, wait, what, hold up
Hold up, why'd the music stop?
[Verse 3: Logan Paul]
Uh-oh, that's Alissa Violet, used to be your chick
Now she in the Logang and you know she on my... team
Those cars ain't yours man, that shit was just floated
Gun tattooed on your leg 'cause she knew you weren't loaded
I act in movies that your fans watch with their babysitters (Airplane Mode)
I thought you were my boy, guess I have a baby sister (Yeah)
You're tryna be a model, shoulda kept Neels Visser (Hahaha)
Go make another video 'bout who's the better kisser
Is it called Team 10 'cause you take 10% of your friends? (That's fucked up, Jake)
When the contract dies, so does their career, it ends (That's also a fact)
Are you mad just 'cause you couldn't sign the Dolans? (They're smarter than you)
So you had to replace them with some Spanish twins? (Hahaha, weak)
It's everyday, bro, do you give up at night?
We 24/7, man, you picked the wrong fight!
I'm a savage, you are average, I’m a beast, I’m going wild
This song will be the death of you, I'm 'bout to be an only child