Dream Addix
Yo, I wasn't about to go in but like...
Now I feel like I have to, you know?
I mean, I feel kinda bad but like, fuck it, haha
Alright, yeah

[Verse 1: RiceGum]
I can tell that you came with the Disney flow, ayy
Ain't nobody ever heard about your Disney show, ayy
Got a bitch that remind me of my cereal
From Britain, when I see her, I'm like "cheerio"
Yeah, Alissa called asking me if we could win against Jake Paul (Brr brr) (What?)
I said, we Gucci like the shirts with the snakes on it (Hiss)
I just heard the song, Team 10, now I hate y'all
Logan, that will be your last hit like an eight ball

[Verse 2: Alissa Violet]
Nah, wrong Paul, yeah, it's Jake, like from State Farm (Ugh)
Get girls, but the hooker said you paid for it (Ah)
Me and Rice in a house with like eight floors
Ride your brother's nuts, you're a squirrel for his acorn (Uh!)

[Verse 3: RiceGum, Alissa Violet]
Ayy, you got girls? Where they at? Are you serious?
Ayy, didn't see 'em, like George, I'm just curious
Ayy, Alissa said you cum fast, like the Furious
Diss tracks, you are my reflection like a mirror is (Hooyah)
Wanna flex on my wrist, I put some ice on it
I ain't wanna make her wet, then maybe put some rice on it
Talk shit, now I'm on your head like some lice on it
Heard that you used to bully kids back in high school (Ooh)
Second part for the kill, that's what Rice do (Ooh)
Hit it twice this ain't Insta', I don't like you
Gotta put this rice in this beef like some Thai food
You ain't got no bars, no flow like a lake do (Shit)
Rented cars and that Rollie lookin' fake too
Let's go back to the bully thing, listen here
Was it back in middle school or was it senior year? (What?)
Didn't think you'd get caught like an interference
Pick on others just to hide the fact you were insecure
How you think they felt when they went home and they were dripping tears? (Ooh)
You cheated on a good girl, Tessa's hideous
And then you went and got a big head like you Phineas
You might also like[Chorus: Alissa Violet]
It's everyday bro with the same bully flow
Bully at school, now bullying your bro
Diss your own brother, I don't really get it though
Stop bragging, just accept nobody knows your Disney show
It's everyday bro with the same bully flow (What?)
Bully at school, now you bullying your bro
Diss your own brother, I don't really get it though (Yah)
Stop bragging, just accept nobody knows your Disney show (Bitch)

[Post-Chorus: Alissa Violet]
Should've never cheated now, never cheated now
Got fame from your brother now, from your brother now
And he's a better kisser now, better kisser now
Now I'm onto bigger things, bigger things now (Bitch)

[Verse 4: RiceGum, Alissa Violet, Both]
Should've never cheated now, never cheated now
Now, I'm fucking on your bitch now, on your bitch now (Fuck, fuck, fuck)
You used to be a fan and you still a fan now (What?)
They gon' call me "RichGum" 'cause I'm dumb rich now (What?)