Ooh, that's groovy, man
[Gibberish]
My mind flies, wide eyes, I cry
For the people that, for the people that, for the people that, for the people that died
Why expect a thing? Why try?
Really? Nothing? This fucking guy, call the label!
Why accept a thing, why do we buy, into it?
Where am I? Where am I? Where am I?
In the wrong time (Wrong time)
Oh well
One, two, three, four

[Chorus]
Ain't nobody dance no more
See the paint up on my pants I tore, now eye melt off
And I bet I'll see you lurking in the corner, you whore
I'm in yo' brain and I'm in yo' head and I'ma loiter, we poor
I can't afford to be bored
And when I'm riding with the gang, we on the border, be warned
And when I'm yelling I be feeling what I'm born to be for
And I be smelling all the elements, there's gonna be war
And I'll be ready, I'll be ready, I'll be
Standing up the wall that they build now
Knock you down, divide the whole field, cow
I can't fall, I never go to sleep
For niggas sucking on my dick, you better get up out here
You might also like[Verse]
Fight club, nigga, don't talk about it, walk up out it
Fucking with the spider, nigga, pick a daisy, kick a bucket (Ahh)
Save my life, the blood in my eye white
Don't talk right, you might cause a knife fight
Mama told a nigga better go hard, go hard
Think a darkie doing good so far, so far, uh
I'ma kill this shit like forever, that's longevity
You can eat yo' fill of whatever, I got everything, uh
Make my image into something you'll remember
When I'm smoking with my niggas, we burning the same ember
When I kill it, I be killing December right through November
Niggas pushing buttons, they touching a nigga temper, right
I got my fair share of problems
I got my fair share of problems, any nigga wanna solve 'em?
You see a lick then you rob him
I see a lick then I stop on the block and I pause him
Sir, I been at home eating ramen
Are you aware that I do not agree how the law been?
Mama keep sobbing, crying
Give me a dollar and I can
Buy things for her, I can try being sober
Getting high is a lower form of life
Going slower than a slug or a bug in arachnid webs
I'ma stack these heads in the back, pretend
They're not there or that I got hair (Do you got that stuff?)
Do you got that stuff?
Do you got what it takes now?
We can find out quick
We can find out quickly
Oh yeah (Yeah), yeah (Yeah), yeah (Yeah), yeah (Yeah), yeah
[Chorus]
Ain't nobody dance no more
See the paint up on my pants I tore, now eye melt off
And I bet I'll see you lurking in the corner, you whore
I'm in yo' brain and I'm in yo' head and I'ma loiter, we poor
I can't afford to be bored
And when I'm riding with the gang, we on the border, be warned
And when I'm yelling I be feeling what I'm born to be for
And I be smelling all the elements, there's gonna be war
And I'll be ready, I'll be ready, I'll be
Standing up the wall that they build now
Knock you down, divide the whole field, cow
I can't fall, I never go to sleep
For niggas sucking on my dick, you better get up out here

[Post-Chorus]
I am not a human
I am an idea that you cannot kill
I am in the field, got soil to till
And I'ma run it with my niggas 'til we buyin' the ville
And I'ma run it with my niggas 'til we buyin' the town
And we gon' talk that shit, I'ma double it down
I should have fought that bitch when I had the chance
I should have caught that tiger by the bottom his pants

[Outro]
And I'll be standing up the wall that they build now
Knock you down, divide the whole field, cow
I can't fall
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah