
[Intro]
(Ahahahaha, wow)

[Verse 1]
Wow, another fucking war
I am not even surprised anymore by the state of affairs
I feel like nobody cares that there are people dying
Money we supplying, drone is flying (Yeah, yeah, yeah)
Killing, filling the air
The smell of blood and it's paired
With gasoline and I mean it
You don't know who, what, or where
Or why we fighting the terror
I'm scared that breaking news for faking views
And I don't know why they can choose
Who live or die, they taking dudes and telling us after
Bitch, I appreciate safety
But lately, I feel like they think we non-sentient matter
And all our talk is some chatter they can ignore (Huh?)
Man, fuck where I was born, I ain't choose it
I could lose it if decision do form
And if you killing some nigga
Then let us know who he is (Okay)
'Cause this some World War I
Franz Ferdinand biz' (Yeah, yeah)
I don't know any of you niggas, killing people for why?
This is some anarchy, chaos in a clever disguise
They hold it before your eyes (Yeah, yeah)
And hit the switch, bitch, which?
Group of murderous faggots, lay in a ditch
There might be a good reason to put them in the dirt
But I don't have a say in when they go and send in the hurt
I feel weak, I feel like I am not allowed to speak
'Cause I'll be labeled a freak or someone's mama will tweak
I'm misinformed, I don't know why the desert was stormed
Or why we made Al-Qaeda, gave them K's
And later deformed
Maybe Soleimani was a commie, or a traitor, or killer
And GOP is spitting facts, accurate therefore realer
But on the news all I see is people fixing to bicker
And we believe what we exposed to on IG and Twitter
For goodness sake, look at all the mess that we make (Huh, huh)
When are we all gonna work together? Sharing our cake (Huh, huh)
Instead of coming off fake and taking after the snake (Huh, huh)
People take to street looking for something to break
Instead of fixing the place
Allahu Akbar, God is great
Killing humans is not hard
Easy way out: be a rapper or rock star
Speaking your truth in the back of a cop car
Allahu Akbar
I-I-I-I don't fuck with none of yous
Stepped up in Iran and I'm thinkin' 'bout what gun I choose
AR-15 with a hollow point round
And don't fuck with America if you don't got a son to lose
You might also like[Part II]

[Refrain]
America the free
America the free, America the brave
America the home of the happiest slaves
That's America to me, I'm married to the game
Let the bombs rain down from the bottom of planes
America the free, America the grave
America the land of immediate fame
What's America to be when it has no name?
The land of the bones and the red bloodstains

[Verse 2]
Hide behind the trees while they still there
Let's go save the bees from the bad air
Segregation nation, no free speech
Revelation burning what we teach
Man, you hate to see it, I'm American
Make some enemies and try to bury them
Pick your brothers up, you maggot, carry them
Let's destroy some camels and some caravan
In the name of God (Name of God and country)
Do it for my ma (The devil doesn't want these)
Missiles, fiscal crisis imminent
Buy more drones, take lives of the innocent
Stand and say our nation's pledge
Revolution on the edge
I don't wanna see you dead, why can't all of us be friends?
I don't want your people fed, and all that I can see is red
This is America, too
We're making the hysteria cool to the internet, people
We might make AI, colossal conflict
End or start the robot bomb hit
Until then we fight for water
Oil, food, and resource squabbles
Seen the bottom of many bottles
And I still can't forget Sir Donald
Left, right, left, right
Left, right, oorah!
All hail business, President Poobah (Poo, poo)
Blow on his dick, your bugle or tuba (Poo, poo)
Take a bit of oil, recoil, and then sell a bit
All the lower people don't matter and they irrelevant
Hello Mister "I am supporting this man or woman"
She comin' to summon a demon, so go support a delegate
Oh, how I love this political system
The Founding Fathers would think that we listened
Make America great? It never really was
Make it great for the first time because (Huh)
Then maybe the people would drink clean water
So our children can think
They grow so smart that we don't need death
To help our planet become less of a shit hole
Pistol
M16s and AKs galore
Make more, make more, to make more the gore
[Segue]
Move out, soldier! Move out, men!
We gotta take back that hill!
What do you think you're doing, Private Johnson?
Get moving!
But sir, what the fuck are we even doing here?
That's between President Trump and God, soldier
Now get your lousy ass up off this Iranian dirt!
Ah, yes, World War III
I remember it like it was yesterday
But do you know what really slapped in my day, sonny?
[Part III]

[Chorus]
Churches burning
Oh God above, make sure that the
Earth is turning
They tryna take our love away
How concerning
I wanna help you either way
Stop your hurting
And let’s move on to brighter days

[Verse 3]
World War III, fire all I see
But I'ma keep on moving 'til I got no feet
Yeah, that World War III hittin' differently
I see the missiles in the air shooting at Qassem
Yeah, that World War III, and then World War IV
Why you fighting when there's partying and liquor to pour?
Yeah, that world war? No more, por favor
Put down the AK-47, get yo ass on the floor
And tell Kim Jong-un, "Look up at the moon!"
How could you hurt another person, make a nuke go zoom?
And that impending doom
I don't wan' lay up in my bed thinking it ending soon
I wanna see a better day where ain't offending you
And I'm befriending everyone upon this planet
If you killin' for no reason, go to hell, goddamn it (Huh, yeah)
[Chorus]
Churches burning
Oh God above, make sure that the
Earth is turning
They tryna take our love away
How concerning
I wanna help you either way
Stop your hurting
And let’s move on to brighter days
Churches burning
Oh God above, make sure that the
Earth is turning
They tryna take our love away
How concerning
I wanna help you either way
Stop your hurting
And let’s move on to brighter days

[Post-Chorus]
Na-na-na-na-na-na-na-na
Na-na-na-na-na-na-na-na
Hey, hey-yeah
Na-na-na-na-na-na-na-na
Na-na-na-na-na-na-na-na
Brighter days, brighter days, brighter days

[Chorus]
Churches burning
Oh God above, make sure that the
Earth is turning
They tryna take our love away
How concerning
I wanna help you either way
Stop your hurting
And let’s move on to brighter days

[Outro]
I'ma dance off into the sunset with you
Ready?
I'm in the sunset now