Hahaha Adam F on the track
Speak Guru representing
Yeah! Carl Thomas
Everybody wants to be somebody you know
Just be yourself man, stop trying to be like everybody else
Frontin' like you got this and got that
Yeah it's not about the material things
They don't rule my world, do they rule yours?
Well I feel sorry for you done, but for real
There's a lot of grimy cats out there that will wyle out on you
That's why you gotta stay on point
Be aware of what's goin' on and hold it down, from us to you

[Chorus: Carl Thomas]
As your world goes up and down (oh yeah!)
The karma comes back around (comes back around yeah!)
Don't you know that your gettin' what you put in the ground
(Don't you know that your gettin' what you puttin' in the ground)
Just be good to yourself 'cause you know that you always have to come down

[Verse 1: Guru]
Everybody wants the baller life
Everybody wants a fly car, nice crib and all that ice
When they see me in the street, they wanna call the vice
Get on some landlord shit and turn out all the lights
I'm like the toll that you should've paid
You said you had the Mac, why you should of sprayed!
What happened to the chicks and the chips you bragged about?
What happened to the guns and the clips you bragged about?
I heard about they stomped you, and beat you, and dragged you out
You said they heard they got me, and that I doubt!
Street smarts and most y'all punks you need heart
My peoples get busy for real soon as the beef starts
Wanna learn some more about me
You're sure to see that I'm a stand up guy
With maturity and during this speech I'm always willin' reach
I love my peeps that are still in the streets
You might also like[Chorus: Carl Thomas]
As your world goes up and down (As your world goes up and down)
The karma comes back around (Don't you know that the karma comes on back around)
Don't you know that you gettin' what you put in the ground
(Don't you know that gettin' what you puttin' in the ground)
Just be good to yourself 'cause you know that you always have to come down

[Verse 2: Guru]
Everybody wants the wealth and fame
But nobody wants to hustle and the struggle
Just to earn themselves a name, it's like they want it all instantly
And since I know what really goes on son I think differently
I always to try to keep my fam' tight even if we don't hang out no more
You're still my man aight, see money changes many things
You go from just gettin' by to shopping sprees buying everything
The guard came up hard straight out the boulevard
I pull your card, get in your skin like a bullet scar
I'm holding the weight controlling your fate
'Cause you didn't play the game by the rules you know it's too late
You tried to hop the fence on false pretence that's nonsense
You know we cut off our weak links
And during this speech I'm always willin' to reach
I love my peeps that are still in the streets

[Chorus: Carl Thomas]
As your world goes up and down (Don't you know, as your world goes up and down)
The karma comes back around (Don't you know the karma comes on back around, yeah)
Don't you know that your gettin' what you put in the ground
(Don't you know that your gettin' what you puttin' in the ground)
Just be good to yourself 'cause you know that you always have to come down
[Bridge: Carl Thomas]
Back to life (Back to life), back to reality (Ooh!)
Can't stay up all day (Ooh no! No no/You gotta come down)
Know some time (some time)
To take the initiative (Yeah)
You'll be back one day (One day! Ooh)

[Verse 3: Guru]
Everybody wants to be the boss
Everybody wants the spotlight but don't wanna pay the cost
Me, I give a kid direction if he says he's lost
Some suckers want attention, that's why they love to floss
But me I don't care about that there
You say you're from the hood, you can't go back there
The same folks you see coming up, you'll see going down
Take that look off your face, you know what's going down
We about to strip you of your stripes you little ass wipe
About to take over your spot uh huh that's right!
You're more bogus than a three dollar bill
Pop your crisp, rock your wrists, yeah y'all is mad ill
But you're sleepin', didn't see the wolves creepin'
Gettin' took for your goodies for no apparent reason
And during this speech I'm willin' to reach
All of my peeps that are still in the streets

[Chorus: Carl Thomas]
As your world goes up and down (Ooh! As your world goes up and down, down)
The karma comes back around (Don't you know that the karma comes on back around, back around)
Don't you know that you gettin' what you put in the ground
(Don't you know that gettin' what you puttin' in the ground)
Just be good to yourself 'cause you know that you always have to come down (Ooh yeah! You know you always baby)
As your world goes up and down (You know that you always)
The karma comes back around (Yeah, you know that you always)
Don't you know that you gettin' what you put in the ground (Ooh yeah! Oh yeah!)
Just be good to yourself 'cause you know that you always have to come down

[Outro: Carl Thomas]
Good to yourself 'cause you know that you always, always, know that you always, oh know that you always, know that you always, oh no!
As your world goes up and down
The karma comes on back around, yeah
And you gettin' what you put in the ground, yeah
The world goes around and around, yeah
The karma comes on back around
Come on, comes on back around
Come on, comes on back around