Buy a nickel bag (Let's get the weed and just)
Smoke a little lah (All my people (Hah) in the place just)
And get high tonight (Yeah, yeah, get together)
Get high tonight (Come on, for all the people just)
Buy a nickel bag (Roll up the weed and just)
Smoke a little lah (Put your hands together)
Get high tonight (Everybody (Hah) join together)
Get high tonight (Come on down, here together now)
Buy a nickel bag (Come on down, just)
Smoke a little lah ((Hah) Put it all together)
Get high tonight (Throw your hands up high and get)
Yo, get high tonight (Feel good, baby, baby)
Hah, buy a nickel bag (Put it all together, just)
Smoke a little lah (Get high baby)
Get high tonight (Throw your hands up high and)
Get high tonight (Talk to me, get y'all)

[Verse 1: Busta Rhymes]
Hah
Before I set it off and show what I'm (Hoo) gon' do to ya (Hah)
Possess the bomb chocolate (Huh) from off Lynden and Utica (Hah)
My real live niggas in the place and (Hoooo!) no queen
Wave your spliff (Hah, that's right) high son (Fuck the bullshit!)
Open, your (Hah) arms are open (Huh), my palms release the bomb (Hah)
Ring the alarm (Hooo), my word is my bond (Hah)
Scream on niggas through the intercom (Hah, huh!)
Up to date, let's roller skate (Hah)
Yo, my whole squad smokin' ain't straight (Hah) unless we smoking at a high rate (Huh)
I always (Hah) produce the potion
Weed smoking got me (Hah) moving slow motion like we (Hooo) floatin' on relax ocean (Huh)
All my peeps who feel high (Hah)
Don't want your (Hoo!) darker shades, there to much (Hooo) smoke up in your eye (Yo!)
Keep it swingin', listen to (Hah) all of my bells ringing (Huh)
My get high has niggas wanting to start singin' (Ah-ha)
I said this goes out to those that smoke out the bong (Uh!)
And all my bitches (Hoo) in the place (Huh, huh) who roll they own draws (So just)
You might also like[Chorus: Busta Rhymes]
Buy a nickel bag (Hah, hah) (Put it all together now)
Smoke a little lah (Hah) (Come on, baby girl)
Get high tonight (Huh, hah) (Just shake it all around and get)
Get high tonight (One more time, come on, do it baby)
Buy a nickel bag (Hah) (One more time, chicken)
Smoke a little lah (Throw yo' ass down)
Get high tonight (Feel good baby girl and get)
Get high tonight (Yo) (Come on, one more time baby)

[Verse 2: Busta Rhymes]
Yo (Huh), bounce back you just caught the contact African (Huh) black overreact (Hah), charge!
I'm 'bout (Hah) to bench the (Hah) whole wack must interact (Huh, hah) on every track
Blow this spot (Hah, hah) down niggas break fool and smoke (Hah) across the (Huh) world almanac (Hoooo!)
My sons who don't smoke and get high (Hah)
Drinkin' Cognac (Hah!), Hennessy (Huh), Cristal but wait
What's (Hah) goin' on with dat? (Huh)
What the deal, dun? Sometimes I sip Jamaican white rum (Hah)
Taste with a little milk (Huh), I know (Hooo) y'all niggas want some (Hah)
Represent where you (Hah) from needing some Tic Tacs and (Huh) gum
So a nigga breath don't (Bluhh) (Ah!)
Get high (Huh), then I get fly when I be shoppin' at the atrium (Hah)
Smoke in the center of Yankee stadium (Huh!)
Stand strong (Hah), yes we rock on and on
The Flipmode stamps all of my songs
They get a place them niggas must perform (Hah)
Smoke 'til your brain fry (Huh)
So high you can't open yo' eye
My niggas need to just
[Chorus: Busta Rhymes]
Buy a nickel bag (Put it all together)
Smoke a little lah
Get high tonight
Yo, get high tonight (That's right, baby, baby)
Yo, buy a nickel bag (Put it all together just)
Smoke a little lah (Throw that weed up baby)
Get high tonight (Just light the spliff up)
Huh, get high tonight (Come on, get high baby, baby)
Yo, buy a nickel bag (One more time chicken)
Smoke a little lah (Put it all together)
Get high tonight (Come on here baby)
Yo, get high tonight (One time, just come on and)
Yo, buy a nickel bag (One more time, chicken)
Smoke a little lah (Put it all together)
Get high tonight (Just light your weed and get)
Yo, get high tonight (Yeah, one more time baby)
Buy a nickel bag (Don't come around my way again)
Smoke a little lah (Put it all together)
Get high tonight
Yo, get high tonight (Buy 20 bags of zee)
Buy a nickel bag (Buy nickel and)
Smoke a little lah (A little lah baby)
Get high tonight (Get high one time, baby)
Yo, get high tonight (You just smokin' the weed, girl)
[Outro]
Hah, come on!