Yeah that shit was kinda ill son, you know I'm sayin'
But umm
Yo this shit right here, I'm 'bout to, you know I'm sayin'
This shit right here
You know
Your man Escobar, you know, he tried to come at on Build & Destroy
You know I had to laugh that off though
That shit was kinda ill, the song though
But you know
My niece called me, you know
She like, you know she's a lil kid
She like "yo
This boy be botherin' me in school about that song"
I said "aight, don't worry about it, I'll make  a song for you"
So this song right here is called A Slick Response, I made this for the kids
I'm not puttin' it on my album
You know
This is just for the kids out there
Aight, I love you man

[Intro]
Uncle Cory can you tell us a story please
Alright, alright
Please
Y'all tucked in?
Here we go
You might also like[Verse 1]
Once upon a time not long ago
A lame MC didn't want me to blow
I think his name was Nasir (who?)
The "Street Dreamer" dude
B.I.G. wasn't fond of him (what?)
Pac neither
Hung around my mans, Lord and Lake
Lake's doin' time, Lord should get his life straight
And my man Grand Wiz livin' on face
Now he hangs with police, I guess they make him feel safe, anyway
He's always talkin' 'bout loot and diamonds and I've yet to see a penny off QB Finest (ahhh) (that's lame)
You should be ashamed none of the Braveheart drivin' (huh?)
Horse was the best, he left cause they not shinin' (oh)
Said he got me a deal (ah hah)
Be real
Nas couldn't get on 'till I went to jail
Bit my style, then he eventually came up
So when I came home, he wasn't doin' me no favor
Not to mention we was cool, but his pockets was hurt (why?)
He's a weedhead, don't blame skirts
Plus he never hustled, so cash is new to him
Got his chain took, and bought it back, how smooth of him
Mad at his girl, 'cause her favorite rapper's Jay
Chipped his tooth when Spud punched him in the face (hahaha)
Was mad at Steve Stoute when he had beef with Puffy
Nastradamus flopped, this time he got lucky
Moved from Queens cause he was gettin' extorted
The Firm brick, critics said I should of been on it
He's the type to strike it rich and leave his friends in the projects
With Esco jeans on, and lint in they pockets, so a
Mirror, Mirror on the wall, before this rap shit who was the flyest rapper of all?
There was a rumble tumble
Five minutes it lasted
The mirror says you was you conceited bastard
I heard him on the air with Funkmaster Flex
(The one who drops bombs, if your records sell fresh?)
Yes that's the one, but lets get back to son
I heard jungle in the background, he the same [?]
My man Ice was gonna smack him, but he backed down
Noreaga fired him, so he raps now
Anyway, I don't usually waste my time on MC's
But Build & Destroy, man, he really tried to diss me
What you mean? I heard the song, I said somethin' is wrong
I never got snuffed, I got shot gettin' it on
And why waste your time, saying I wasn't grindin'?
Even the cops he with, said "stop lyin'"
I had the illest gun in Queensbridge history
The sterling, that's right, ain't no mystery
And none of my friends that's cool with him, have bricks like me
What I do in a day, they won't even get in a week
Just about then, one of my mans came in, he said "Someone's in Miami with all your fake friends"
I looked him in his face, and said "are you sure?"
He said, "I don't wanna see you with them lowlifes no more"
So come along
We have a party to attend
Wit Nas baby mom's and some more of her friends
She said "don't involve me in you and Nas beefin'
I hear you the reason he can't come to Queensbridge, got him so scared, he hangin' out with policeman
Plus he can't fuck so I had to leave him"
I said, "don't even worry
I'm not trippin'
Plus I respect you, (good) Nas didn't" (what?)
"When I needed a man he wasn't there
He spends all his time tryna end your career"
My success is overdue
You kids get to bed now the story is through