Aw, yeah (Aw— Aw— Aw, yeah)
It's real (Da-da-da, da-da-da-da, aw, yeah)
Finna put it down (Aw, yeah)
All these old crime thangs, homeless (Da-da-da, da-da-da-da)
The world is crazy, boy (Da)
It's like this, that's the way it is, uh (La-da-da, da-da-da-da, da)
Heavy out there, it's heavy (When will we ever learn?)

[Verse 1: E-40]
Was I really such a bad child?
Did I deserve to get hit with boards and whooped with extension cords?
Did you forget that I was your creation
And all I wanted from you all was love, hope, and motivation?
"Son, you're disrespectful and you're talking back, get out my face"
Kicked me out the house and wouldn't even let me plead my case
Now I'm homeless and I'm freezin' like the morgue
Only thing keeping me alive is the Lord
Needless to say, it's times like this I'd rather be locked up than
Drinkin' water out my hands and eatin' out of garbage cans
Can I come back home, huh, could I?
Son, you're on your own, why should I?

[Chorus: Bo-Roc & E-40]
Some things'll never change, that's just the way it is
Nobody's even concerned
Some things'll never change, that's just the way it is
When will we ever learn? (Huh)
You might also like[Verse 2: E-40]
Three years from now, I think I'm gon' be straight
I put my name on the list for Section 8
Tried out for the Army, but I was flatfooted
Didn't do no harm to me, 'cause I was used to it
If I apply for some work, let's make a bet
I get denied 'cause I don't know about the internet
What do you think we need to do to change about this nation?
Need to provide more jobs and better education
Nuclear weapons? (Puh, puh) Should be stopping crimes
Already got enough to blow the world up a thousand times
The birds and the bees, deadly disease
Teenage pregnancies, STDs

[Chorus: Bo-Roc]
Some things'll never change, that's just the way it is
Nobody's even concerned
Some things'll never change, that's just the way it is
When will we ever learn?

[Verse 3: E-40]
A-wa-uh wait a minute, I hear sirens
Oh, that's the couple down the street, domestic violence
Either them or the little girl in 306
She's always telling everyone that she gon' slice her wrists
I guess that's the way it is in the life of sin
Where you'll probably end up dead, or in the pen
But my family ain't no better than the next
My auntie Brenda turned her own sister in for writin' bad checks
And saved folks'll try to hit you where it hurts
Knowin' they the biggest hypocrites in the church
We need to give our minds a bath and do some scrubbin'
Stop the hate and start the lovin'
[Chorus: Bo-Roc]
Some things'll never change, that's just the way it is (The way it is)
Nobody's even concerned (Even concerned)
Some things'll never change, that's just the way it is (The way it is)
When will we ever learn? (When will we ever learn?)
Some things'll never change, that's just the way it is (The way it is)
Nobody's even concerned (Even concerned)
Some things'll never change, that's just the way it is (The way it is)
When will we ever learn? (When will we ever learn?)

[Outro: Bo-Roc]
Learn, learn
Learn, learn