Polow
Keyshia
Kells

[Verse 1: R. Kelly, Keyshia Cole, Polow Da Don]
What up Charles? Hey baby
Hey baby
Girl, I been missing you like crazy
I miss you too
These fools about to make me lose my mind
I don't think I can do all this time
Now, just calm down, don't lose it baby
Keep your head up man we got you
How is little Junior and my beautiful daughters?
Fine, they just miss they daddy
Well did you get to talk to my lawyers?
Night and day, day and night, I keep calling them
Yeah, well, day and night, night and day, just keep calling them
(Okay)
What up, my nigga, you straight? Anything I can get you?
This toilet paper be cutting my ass, I need some rolls of tissue
Charmin?
And man, what happen to them squares yo ass promised me?
Baby, Charles lost his job, he's been struggling
Yeah, is that right? You lost your job, how?
Man, I been having troubles with my car
Besides it's too far, price of gas, man, it's hard
And on the real, shit, man, they be trippin at that Walmart
Feel me?
Yeah man, I feel you
Well, baby, I got something, I wanna read you
It's from your kids, they wrote this one at school
And they want me to bring it here and read it to you, it says:
"Roses are red, violets are blue
Daddy we love you and we miss you, too"
Aww, that's sweet
But tell me why Charles is wearing the shirt you bought me?
Yo bogus ass
You might also like[Chorus: R. Kelly]
You been doing my best friend
Tell me how could you do it to me?
Hell to the naw
Got caught up doing a bid, now I'm serving 5 to 10
My old lady, he doing in
You been doing my best friend
Behind my back while I'm in the Pen
Screw both of y'all
See, y'all done hooked up with each other
Man, you was like my brother
And I'm in here, y'all undercover
Girl you screwing...

[Verse 2: R. Kelly, Keyshia Cole& Polow Da Don]
Wait, just don't walk away, please let me explain
Yeah, dog, it ain't like that
Don't be playing no damn games
Man, what the fuck is wrong with you?
You crazy? This girl love you
She even took a chance on losing her job
Just to be here for you
Yeah, well, maybe I'm being a little paranoid (A little?)
Can you blame me? Just look at her
She's pretty as all outdoors
Sorry, baby
It's okay, I understand you're stressin'
Thanks, man for bringing her for me
Please, my nigga, no need to sweat it
Just like you asked, I got those magazines for you (That's my girl)
I ain't got no squares but I got a robe and you some house shoes (My brother)
So, how you holding up?
Man, I'm just trying to make it work
Well I got... (See I...) She got...(He got...)
Charles, you go first
Well, me and Sheila, we had this like crazy ass idea
She sing, I rap, we was thinking about making this shit a career (Mmhm)
What you think about that, baby?
Do you think it'll work?
Aight, that's it, now I really gotta know, babe (What?)
Where in the hell he got that shirt?
Aww, here we go again (Yeah, that's right)
Nigga, what the fuck is wrong with you?
Yeah man, y'all on some bullshit
What? You think I'm a goddamn fool?
Nigga, I ain't say all that
Well, then answer the question, screw all that
Girl, answer it
Now, hold on man
What? Who you calling a bitch?
[Chorus: R. Kelly, Keyshia Cole & Polow Da Don]
You been doing my best friend (Hell, no, I've been here)
Tell me how could you do it to me?
(You oughta know me better than that)
(Dealing with yo shit)
Hell to the naw
Got caught up doing a bid, now I'm serving 5 to 10
(Baby, baby, baby, let's go, baby, baby, baby, let's go!)
My old lady, he doing in (Man, fuck this shit!)
You been doing my best friend
(Can't believe you would ever think I would ever)
Behind my back while I'm in the Pen (In the pen, yeah-eh)
Screw both of y'all
See, y'all done hooked up with each other
Man, you was like my brother
And I'm in here, y'all undercover
Girl you screwing my best friend (Well)

[Bridge: Keyshia Cole & R. Kelly, Polow Da Don, R. Kelly]
Ain't this a bitch? (Ain't this a bitch?)
Girl you swore, you promised (What?)
That you would hold it down (Come on)
'Til I come back around(Calm down)
Keep that thing on lock (Man, calm down)
'Til I roll up on yo block (Man!)
You motherfff....
[Chorus: R. Kelly, Keyshia Cole & Polow Da Don]
Girl, you been doing my best friend (Yeah, man, I'm outta here)
Tell me how could you do it to me? (Girl, you comin' or not?)
(How could you do it?)
Hell to the naw (I'll be waitin' out in the car)
Got caught up doing a bid, now I'm serving 5 to 10
(Now I'm alone for 5 to 10)
My old lady, he doing in (Hey-hey, yeah-eh)
You been doing my best friend (My best friend, yeah)
Behind my back while I'm in the Pen
Screw both of y'all
See, y'all done hooked up with each other
Man, you was like my brother
And I'm in here, y'all undercover
Girl, you screwing my best friend

[Outro: Keyshia Cole]
Baby. what about the kids? Oh!