Uh

[Verse 1: Left Eye & Chilli]
Sunny days
Birds singin' sweet-soundin' songs of love (That's so pretty, girl)
As we walk hand-in-hand, just kickin' up sand
As the ocean laps at our feet (Ooh)
I'm in your arms and all of your charms are for me
It's not for me (It's not for me)
(Hahaha, jam, check it)

[Refrain: T-Boz & Left Eye]
I need a crump, tight nigga, make seven figures
Laced with the platinum, not the silver shit, nigga
Exhale cigar, ten-inch or bigger
Know how to lick it and stick it, what, what
Now, don't get me wrong 'cause I'm not a ho (Uh, right?)
But I know what I got, you can't handle though ('Cause what?)
'Cause only real niggas–, what? You don't know
So what you gon' do? What you gonna do? (Wha-wha-wha)

[Chorus: T-Boz & Left Eye]
Nigga, you must be crazy (That's right)
What you gonna do with a bitch like me? (Like me)
I'm so good at bein' bad, I'm the best you never had (Uh-huh, right?)
I epitomize the word sexy (Sexy, yeah)
Nigga, you must be crazy (Uh-huh)
Whatcha gonna do with a bitch like me? (That's right)
You're not so tight (Woo), make you come all night (Haha)
And you can't handle me, baby (Uh)
You might also like[Verse 2: T-Boz & Left Eye]
Sorry I turned you out (You out)
I guess I didn't know that a man could be so soft (Hmm)
Well, I guess I have to give you back (I guess I)
The flowers (Huh?), the candy (What?)
The diamonds (Oh, no, not the diamonds)
Oh, hell, no, wait a min', I'ma keep that (You better keep it, girl)
Hope that you don't mind
I'm not the mushy kind (The mushy kind)
(Never been, never will)
Ah, check it

[Refrain: T-Boz & Left Eye]
I need a crump, tight nigga, make seven figures
Laced with the platinum, not the silver shit, nigga
Exhale cigar, ten-inch or bigger
Know how to lick it and stick it, what, what
Now, don't get me wrong 'cause I'm not a ho (Uh, right?)
But I know what I got, you can't handle though ('Cause what?)
'Cause only real niggas–, what? You don't know
So what you gon' do? What you gonna do? (What you gon', gon' do?)

[Chorus: T-Boz & Left Eye]
Nigga, you must be crazy (Right)
What you gonna do with a bitch like me? (Like me)
I'm so good at bein' bad, I'm the best you never had (What?)
I epitomize the word sexy (Yeah, yeah, yeah)
Nigga, you must be crazy (Uh-huh, crazy)
Whatcha gonna do with a bitch like me? (Like me)
You're not so tight, make you come all night
And you can't handle me, baby (Can't handle it)
[Bridge: T-Boz]
When I'm all alone, I touch myself
And I always dream about someone else
Who was so much more than
La-la-la-la-la
A good man is so hard to find
Well, actually, a hard man is so good to find
Yo, yeah, baby

[Verse 3: Left Eye]
Uh, I understand you want a tour of what's inside
Read my safety guide before I take you on this ride
Straight into the center, you enter my dimension
The question is protection, selected in my session (Session)
I'm on a quest, I will not rest 'til I break it
But if it's naked?
I'll take it with the batteries and fake it (Fake it)
'Cause I gotta get mine and you gotta get yours
But never endin' it by sendin' it through shaky doors
You must be crazy to think that you can hang with me
I try to escape the imprisonment of those defiant to me
The epitome of your every dream it seems to fied
For intangible fantasies, you know what I mean?

[Chorus]
Nigga, you must be crazy (Haha, right?)
What you gonna do with a bitch like me? (Like me)
I'm so good at being bad (What you gon' do?)
I'm the best you never had (What you gon' do?)
I epitomize the word sexy (Yeah)
Nigga, you must be crazy (What you gon' do? Crazy)
What you gonna do with a bitch like me? (Like me)
You're not so tight (Gon' do), make you come all night (What you gon' gon' do?)
And you can't handle me, baby (Uh, can't handle it)
Nigga, you must be crazy (Watch out there now, haha)
What you gonna do with a bitch like me? (Watch out there now)
I'm so good at being bad (What? Uh)
I'm the best you never had (Come on Right)
I epitomize the word sexy (Uh-huh, uh-huh)
Nigga, you must be crazy (Yeah, yeah, what? What?)
Whatcha gonna do with a bitch like me? (What? What? Wha-what)
You're not so tight (Woo), make you come all night (Watch out)
And you can't handle me, baby (Uh, can't handle it)
[Outro: T-Boz]
That's right
Watch out there now, you can't handle it
Huh-huh, said, what you gonna do?
What you gonna do with a bitch, a bitch like me nigga? Huh?
A bitch like me nigga, what?
A bitch like me, a bitch like moi
Ah, that's a rap, baby