D-M-V, coming soon!
M-I-A, we coming soon!
SQUARE BIZ, coming soon!
And Black Bob coming soon!

[Verse]
What I'm gone spit here is amazing
And every girl I meet in the club- blazing
She half black. Uh, maybe half asian
Would you mind on this occasion if I call you blasian!?
And, I ain't really patient
Living my dreams. I'm about to catch the nation
They sleep. We grind. I be on my grind mode
Climbing all the time. The top is on my mind, jo
I don't slow down for my haters
They giving me steam. They doing me favors
Every time I catch a little hate up in the papers
I write a hit that's bound to wake the neighbors
Hear the bass go, hear the beat kick
Went to Harvard, but I am on my street shit
So elite kid when I write a rhyme down
I go dumb, baby. I be out my mind now

[Hook]
All the bad jonts, all the bad chicks
Hit the floor, baby. Show me all your magic
And, when I walk in with a bomb thing
Everybody know I'm coming soon like LeBron's ring
And, I'm rollin w/ a Prom Queen
We hooking up, I ain't talking Don King
When I walk in with a bomb thing
Everybody know I'm coming soon like LeBron's ring
You might also like[Verse]
All the bad jonts, all the bad chicks
Hit the floor baby, show them boys your magic
I'm in the bar pop-popping with a shorty, jo
My game mean kinda large like a 40 o[z]
Kicking like the World Cup. Cousin, cuff you girl up
I ain't going to take it but I sure looked at the girl's butt
So disrespectful, messing with this Red Bull
Ya'll could get a neck full. Better send my check full
I am on wings. I'm flying up the charts now
Bobby Sense is tingling. I'm talking Peter Park now
Oh, I shut the park down. They banned my crossover
I guess Major Blazer had them bammas sauced over
My ability. You haters is killing me
Funny style youngans, stop looking and grilling me
I am Black Bobby. The one that J Dilla chose
Ya'll looking sloppy wearing J Dilla clothes

[Hook]

[Verse]
Fire in the hole! I'm coming for u bammas
They all amateurs and they posing for the camera
I am such a vet, I got the game sick
I'm talking Bron James, I ain't talking Mike Vick
A three-headed Heat-peat. Ya'll see defeat, B
Now you on one knee asking for sympathy
You will get no empathy. I am your Sun Zu
I cut an MC head off clean in one move
Eat an MC greasy. Want no part of DC
Live in Miami. U bammas can come and see me
Find me on Miami Ave chilling with a hipster
She got short shorts, lip gloss up on her lips, cuz
I am Mike Larry. Spit harder than William
No ghostwriters, Hip-Hop snobs gone feel him
This is just the real him. I don't use no real pen
And I chief harder than Slim with the ill brim