Kells, uh
I toast this for the team

[Verse 1: Machine Gun Kelly]
Uh, waiter bring another round please
Bring that mu'fucker back, uh
A couple more, they like "get out, please
'Cause y'all don't know how to act"
And I don't give a fuck! Can I live?
'Cause we be doin' too much shit
Just a couple of kids from Eastside of the 216
Bumping a dollar and a dream, real shit
Every day I wake up, higher than the night before
Blacking out every night on tour
5 AM, we jumping in the pool in our drawers 'till the cops come
Run run, fuck the law, and I was born to be wild
Sex, rock and roll and weed piles
Runnin' from the old and senile
Follow in my steps, then you walking a green mile
'Cause trees in my pockets like my denims a greenhouse
Leave my team? How? Tell me what's my age again?
How many hours 'till I rage again?
This is the story of a young boy in the page we in
Say that he off chasing fame again
And there he goes; Almost famous, bitch, yeah, Kells!
You might also like[Chorus: The Naked and Famous & Machine Gun Kelly]
The bittersweet between my teeth, trying to find the in-betweens
Fall back in love eventually, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah
Uh, half naked and almost famous
Wild nights in all those places
I be, half naked and almost famous, famous, uh
And when I get on, I ain't changing
Tell the world "Lace Up!", Kells!

[Verse 2: Machine Gun Kelly]
Yeah, come rage with the Machine, bitch, EST the team, bitch
Never got a college degree
Too busy raising hell like it was Friday the 13th, bitch
Fuck clothes and fuck hoes
Hundred dollars worth of munchies, truckloads
Eighty-nine cent slushy in the cuphold
Don't know where I'm going but we gone, what's home?
Maybe I'll just Mapquest my dream, and it'll say the address was me
So what I really wanted all along's been camouflaged fatigued
I've been a pro, I just dodged the league, California dreams
Where we sitting up under the Cleveland weather, man
Wishing for heat, I guess I need to see the leather man
Uh, I just wanna be young forever man
Roll the Peter Pan, light it up and let's Neverland
Muthafucker I'm, gone
[Chorus: The Naked and Famous & Machine Gun Kelly]
The bittersweet between my teeth, trying to find the in-betweens
Fall back in love eventually, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah
Uh, half naked and almost famous
Wild nights in all those places
I be, half naked and almost famous, famous, uh
And when I get on, I ain't changing
Tell the world "Lace Up!", Kells!