If you are a fan of me
Or I’m too conceptual, and you not understanding me
I never liked Canibus
No he’s not a wack emcee
He was just confusing and I hope you don’t get that from me
But if you do, this is my rapping plea
I’m on medication, symptoms of insanity
I’m having treatments as we speak
No this is not metaphoric this is more like metamorphic, I get hype, upset then morbid, I just had
Some morphine, and I’m forfeiting my title
I just played the Biggie song with the thoughts suicidal
Twelve times in succession
Vic said switch professions, I applied at UPS and they was asking for a test
To check my
Urination, urination? I was pissed
I’m the nation’s greatest rapper
On the unknown rapper list shit
Shit
I’m not in love with violence
But I dream of catching bodies
I keep watching Shutter Island
I be
F–king smiling like the joker do
Punchline rhymes where I might throw a joke or two
‘Sposed to be a joke on you, mostly though the jokes on me
First name is ‘Hopefully’
Last name ‘You notice me’
My ex girl told me that she’s still not over me
While I was up under her, something’s in her ovaries
It’s not mine
..I be in places I don’t plan to be
Can it be
Can it be
Can it be insanity
The hurt little boy
Is searching for the man in me
Can it be
Can it be
Can it be insanity?
I’m sorry yall
I’m ‘sposed to stop apologizing but these split personalities be gradually arising
Stimuli be on that blah blah I’m nice, I’m hot I’m fire
Sha is cocky but cordial, spits sick, looks tired
Then Sherod wants to stay at home, still be a writer
But he has fantasies about sparking up his lighter
And then burning all his furniture, computer and his tv
Leaving all of his possessions thinking he don’t really need ‘em
And when those three guys come together for a meeting
I can see why you might not know what I be meaning
You don’t see it when you turn insane
Like that straight road switched into a turning lane
And now I’m lost
Lotta rappers thought that serving cane
Or maybe saying that you dabbled in the murder game
Was the answer
Well for me all I heard was Kane
In my head and Rakim made me burn the stage
I did my dirt but the dirt lead to hurt and pain
Had me writing daily trying to turn words to fame
Am I there?
I’m just trying to be the illest
Y’all staring asking what you talking bout Willis
I turned to drugs
I was on that Todd Bridges
So I had to quit the smoking, rather die of different strokes, than losing doe and living broke but
Yo …rest in peace to Gary Coleman
Mrs. Garrett had me rolling..the facts of life are
There’s so much pressure that they handing me
Can it be
Can it be
Can it be insanity?
I’m rapidly rapping deep and landing 3 stories off the canopy, with a bag of trees, oh I hope you catching me
Can it be insanity thinking that this chip that’s on my shoulder isn’t showing I got older now my soul is my controller
Holy roller I am not but you know I told my foes that I would not just break the mold, I would
Stomp a fucking hole
Into the box you try to fit me in
Ok I reloaded I’m unloading, then exploding then exposing what I know
Can it be
Insanity to wake up happily?
My money’s kinda funny and it laughs at me
But I don’t laugh back at he or back at she
Money is a bitch, and if my salary gains calories and
Makes my wallet thick, am I rich?
Am I special? I be changing like the weather
Is it nuts to say my album’s hot, next one will be better?
And my mixtapes had their moments
Gotta get my beats together, and my hooks could use some work
Yea my friends say I’m a jerk
And my fans say it’s hard to be a fan of me
Cause I don’t have a gimmick and I’m deep and they can’t dance to me
Can it be can it be can I be the antifreeze to make your system hot?
No, cold yo I’m mad at me
Damnit B I cannot sleep
No bitch I cannot creep
Trying to be a gooder man
Better man
Fucked up my grammar be
Wonder can my grandma see
Hope I make you proud
Engineer this is a banging beat, can you make me loud?
Thanks a lot, now I hear myself, man that’s how I sound?
This is wack, if I flow too much I’ll drown, that’s profound
I get down, now I’m up, something brown’s in my cup
And it helps,not with health, nor with wealth, what the fuck?
Why the hell would you buy shit you can have for free?
Guess that’s why you download, I just lost a half a G
Betting I would stop 12 bars ago actually
Y’all should cut me off like an amputee can it be insanity?
Always be in places I don’t plan to be
Can it be
Can it be
Can it be
Insanity?
I wish that I give all the things you demand from me
But I can’tYou might also like