Yo, first and foremost
Let me make it clear that I do not give a single shit
Whether or not I win this contest
Or what anyone on Funk Volume thinks
Especially not Hopsin's bitch ass
Alright, let's do it
Yo, I'm a
Oh fuck
Dammit
See I talk all this shit, then I miss the downbeat
I'm so stupid, guess I'll just have to wait till it flips over
Ok here it comes

[Verse 1]
Look at your ass waiting like a dumb bitch
Wondering what kind of style I'mma come with
Who am I? Well, I figured it’d be as good a time as any for an introduction
Tell em’ (Hey) I’m the (J) to the (O) OH, and if you don’t (know)
Just don’t make any assumptions
Cause I got a bad habit that I’ve had, popping up and delivering
Thousands upon thousands of punches
Now they love it when I take it down and sing but I’m gonna have to bring
A little something for my people in the dungeon
Muhfuckas try to chop but they put the same bullshit words
In repetitive abundance
“And I’m gonna get them everybody with a little bit of ‘comin to get em’”
And then they all submitted them in to the hundreds
You ain’t tricking anybody with that bullshit chump!
Write something with substance (punk bitch)
You might also likeNOW let me show you motherfuckers how it’s done
When the very next moment is another step closer to the grave
That’s just how I get down with it get used to the shit I’m here to stay
I’ll never make another effort to appease
When they just don’t believe
And there isn’t any time to waste
I’ve answered the call
I’m back for em all
But I guess all that I had wasn’t all that great

[Hook]
There was something they took from me that meant more than you could ever imagine
Wait for the wonderful day when I drag them down to the depths of the treacherous labyrinth
Over and over we go around and around and we never get passed it…
(we can do better than that, c’mon let’s get it movin, here we go!)

Found it unavoidable that I would die alone inside the prison when they left me
In the shackles and the darkness
Wondering every moment if I’d ever see the light again or
Take another step into the manor or the garden
I took it upon my cause, hemmed together a garment
Into the harlequin I turned and with the falling of my father
I came into the place (hey), where I am (hey), here we go (now), for the next page of the parchment…

Wait a minute, wait a minute
Hey center-lead Jokerr
Yes, right ad-lib Jokerr?
Where'd Lower-left Auxiliary Jokerr go?
Oh my God I was about to ask the same question
You know he did say something earlier about buying face paint for something he was gonna do
He'a probably up to something
You know he really needs to grow up
Seriously
[Juggalo rapper interlude]
Hi I’m a juggalo, murder you, you wanna go?
You don’t wanna go to the carnival, no
Cause we’ll go to the house of horrors and I’ll kill your mom
And I’ll chop you up and kill your girlfriend with a.. bomb!

Oh my God, shut up!
You sound like a freaking retard
You just couldn't resist dissing somebody could you
I really couldn't, I just hate Juggalo rappers so much, they just suck
Yeah we know but now we gotta finish this damn video, so what do you suggest?
We could probably just do that fast chorus part from earlier again
Hmm, that works

[Outro Hook]
There was something they took from me that meant more than you could ever imagine
Wait for the wonderful day when I drag them down to the depths of the treacherous labyrinth
Over and over we go around and around and we never get passed it…
(Nah, we never get passed it, here’s a little something for you arrogant bastards…)
Found it unavoidable that I would die alone inside the prison when they left me
In the shackles and the darkness
Wondering every moment if I’d ever see the light again or
Take another step into the manor or the garden
I took it upon my cause, hemmed together a garment
Into the harlequin I turned and with the falling of my father
I came into the place (hey), where I am (hey), here we go (now), for the next page of the parchment…
[Outro]
Dude, the song's done
The song's done
SHUT UP!
Oh, oh, oh, my bad
Hehe

Fade out
What the hell