There go the horns and the exotic vibe
This song is best enjoyed thoroughly imbibed
More rum, I unleash the motherfucking kraken-
I see the fear in your eyes, yeah I see you backin'
Off from me, that’s the philosophy
Im just awesome bre, you rap awfully;
And tell your bitch to stop callin me, so often, G
I don’t know how I'm gonna get her the fuck off of me

[Miike Snow]
There was a time when my world was filled with darkness, darkness, darkness
Then I stopped dreaming. Now I'm supposed to fill it up with something, something, something

[Verse 2: Clout]
Born in 93 and developed a complex
Coppin' fitteds and Chucks like it was a contest
I keep going harder than the hardest;
Shakespearean flow, up on my bard shit
Have to be honest- don’t write in sonnets
Still I promise like the infallible Psalmist
I sip Patron, you get drunk off your mom's Vex,
Then I sodomize your mom like I’m John West.
Shit, I’m an animal, alien, or a cannibal-
Verbally violate like a non-violent Hannibal.
Got the flow of a fuckin' gentleman
Even though these drugs got me going mental, man
Like I loath this fear, so dazed and confused-
My head: a mess of illusions and Zeppelin tunes-
Thrust into loneliness by this society
Seems like popularity is anything but piety
"Shit, dog, I’m trying, b. Stop lyin’ to me."
Horsepower hit home with Boxer’s care-
Beware of dogs, it ain’t fair out there
Devil on my shoulder addicted to salt
I keep saying, “it’s ok, it’s not your fault
He doesn’t exist, none of this matters."
My heart ignores the mind’s chatter...
Static matter, franticly thoughts scatter:
"It’s ok, I told you it wasn’t your fault
You could be an animal, alien, or a cannibal-
You know you and me ain’t nothing but mammals.
It all boils down to that killer instinct
And man you’re not gonna find me going extinct
Just listen."
You might also like[Miike Snow]
And now I'm pulling your disguise up
Are you free or are you tied up?
I change shapes just to hide in this place
But I'm still, I'm still an animal
Nobody knows it but me when I slip
Yeah I slip, I'm still an animal

[Verse 3: Clout]
I’m a nation under God if it’s all or one;
Because it’s all or none, even though it seems all for none!
And if you swear you’re an eagle I’m a lion
But I think you’re all just a bunch of sheep, doe
A real bird would escape all the fightin’
Fly above that, and into liberty grow
That’s something an animal just doesn’t know:..
Is what I am. I dare you to frame my symmetry
Come on, go ahead and create some imagery
Poetry is all stolen things; cold is all it brings
Covers true natures with twists of diction-
Founders of nothing but mere myths of fiction-
An idea looking for a pussy to stick its dick in-
Fuck I’m not usually this skeptic, I must be kidding
But for an animal it must be fitting...

[Miike Snow]
In your eyes I see the eyes of somebody who could be strong
Tell me if i'm wrong
Now i'm pulling your disguise up
Are you free or are you tied up?
I change shapes just to hide in this place
But I'm still, I'm still an animal