I'm bout to do the impossible, ya'll should watch a movie...
Say I resemble Messiahs, they yelling Ha Lay Lou Yaa...
Nigga my flow is disgusting, I call it hock a loogie...
TEAMRICHNFAMOUS is the new, shit that's banging in ya coupe...
See the major shit we do, they admire us...
Some people hate cuz we the truth, we a danger to ya crew...
You the basement, we the roof, cuz we higher up...
You done, when I rap you might want to run...
On a track it is like you attack with a knife...
And I'm packing something like 2 guns...
I'm overwhelming..
Man you should think about leaving this whole profession...
You think you living the dream but I think it's only inception...
You'll need protection, decrease your phony aggression...
Before I make this the beat that I beat you phonys to death with...
See me progressing like Jesus sold me a blessing...
You think it's a game that would make me the only contestant...
Bitch, I got fat raps, and they be wreckin shit...
My flow damn near a whole family of preciouses...
My ho fanny look so dandy with no panties...
You blow trannies and tote candy to catch a kid...
I seen a lot in my life but it don't get worse than your music...
Get so much brain from my bitch, my mind make erkel look stupid...
My city on my back, the kid is so 6-0...
Bitches shining my balls nigga no disco...
Quote me, you quote a monster, I'm got them witty puns...
Quote you they quoting quoting garbage, straight out the city dump...
My flow is limitless...
Just coexisting with me and getting listen, that make you Jehova's Witnesses...
I see a open window, so I'mma bruvah man it...
Cuz I go very hard, 1 bar a ton of granite...
The crazy thing about it, is that I'm from the granite...
Think as a baby I landed here from another planet...
You role playing bitch every line do a hunned damage...
WHat I be writing be causing rappers to run and panic...
Bitches be beggin like Marcus can you just come and ram it...
So, I say fuck it, I fuck em right and just up and vanish...
Survival of the fittest, my rivals get diminished...
My catalog gon be like a bible book when it's finished...
Never told but I tell it like I see shit...
And I bet you never met a fella fly as me bitch...You might also like