Goodnight to good times, goodbye
It was good of you to try a good guy, look fly
Almost overtook by the wrath of a sentence
Conscious the passion has ended
Never had to pretend it didn't hurt
Didn't her take on things differ from the way they were?
And in a way it worked... and when you weighed their worth
Hard to wait at first
Shitty dreams... but when I wake it's worse!
City scene, pity please - my lungs ache to burst
It's a curse, so of course I skin a knee
Disproportionate villainy, torn to bits instantly
Any second I will cease to be, so I insist on a minute's peace
At least to me it seems the puzzle has a missing piece:
The grand mystery - how to beat back misery and jealousy?
Delivery of melody, let it be

[Hook]
"Goodnight to good times, goodbye
It was good of you to try," she said (3x)

Goodnight, good times... goodbye, good guy

[Verse 2]
Goodnight to good times, goodbye
It was good of you to try to conclude it with a sigh
But you know UNI were two of a kind
I never could choose to divide!
It's up to you to decide
User defined - the usual suspect, unusual crime
Confused all the time: a fusion of minds, then a fission from pride
See the difference when I glimpse in your eyes, like a glint or a shine
Like, I wish it was right, but what does wishing provide?
A whisper of simpler times, I'm convinced I will die with that wish unreplied
My wisdom is slight, and why would I lie?
It's about the last thing that's rightfully mine
Like, take my sight, make me blind, cannot fight, can't rewind
If that is life, that is fine...
You might also like[Hook]
"goodnight to goodtimes, goodbye
It was good of you to try," she said (3x)

With a sigh... UNI... were two... and divide

[Verse 3]
Writing, writing, writing... on a scroll, on a roll
About to drop - Geronimo
Dominoes, waterfall flow:
The current doesn't wanna fall slow!
I parry all blows, jump down the rabbit hole
No matter how far it all goes
I'm the emperor - I need to borrow yall's clothes!
L-O-L... well oh well, Willy Mills will never fail
To celebrate lets let it rain, or make it hail
I'm so cold... I will prevail
I still have stories to tell! I bet you know me so well
That I'm lonely as hell for no reason at all
I have people I just need to call
Cold season is no reason to bawl
Yet there's hardly a reason to stop
I wanna see if I can reach the top
If this goodbye then see me off

[Hook]
"goodnight to goodtimes, goodbye
It was good of you to try," she said (3x)
Wanna fall... parry all... doesn't really seem far at all

[Outro]
I do wrong and complain when it's not right
I drift to the left when I aim through my sights
And blame the target for staying still
Like it's to blame for my slights (2x)
(my fault)