J.E., y'all (Oh, mmm)
(Yeah, yeah)
And she saw the light, my shining star
(I'm sendin' this one out to this special someone)
She's so dear to me
(Yeah, that girl truly hold it down for me)
Yes, she is, yes, she is (Yes, she is, yes, she is)
My, my rabbit's foot, my lucky charm
(You'll never see me without her)
(You know what I mean)
Yes, she is, yes, she is
(She like that lucky rabbit's foot)
Woah, woah, oh
(Or some, some kind of good luck charm or somethin' like that, huh)
(J.E.)

[Verse 1: B. Casey]
Every time that something good happens in my life
You're always there for me, looking good by my side
Picture you now, pulling up your pantyhose
And you always got that sexy underwear on
So much good has come my way since she came in my life
I'll never push you away or brush you off to the side
See, girl, I, I, I
See, my luck has changed for the better (Oh)
You might also like[Chorus: Jagged Edge & (B. Casey)]
See, I got so much love for you in these arms (See, you should know)
Don't you know that you're my good luck charm? (My good luck charm)
Wear you 'round forever, girl, ain't no harm (Ain't no harm, yeah)
And nobody else can borrow it, I won't allow it (No one else can take it, no)
See, I got so much love for you in these arms (Yes, I do, girl)
Don't you know that you're my good luck charm? (Yeah, yeah, yeah)
Loving you forever, girl, and never do I
Wanna go without my good luck charm

[Verse 2: B. Casey & (Jagged Edge)]
Like a rabbit's foot on keys, or some lucky dice
All I want or need, I ain't gotta ask twice
Where would I be? What would I do
Without you looking out for me?
Probably be, probably be in these streets
Without you in my life
My future ain't the same, no (Wouldn't be, be the same, no)
And I'm not wanting the blame (No)
Baby, I know I been around
I'm tired of messing around
I got so much love for you

[Chorus: Jagged Edge & (B. Casey)]
See, I got so much love for you in these arms (In these arms, no, no)
Don't you know that you're my good luck charm? (Baby, you know I do)
Wear you 'round forever, girl, ain't no harm (Baby, baby, yes, I do)
And nobody else can borrow it, I won't allow it (Nobody, no, no, no)
See, I got so much love for you in these arms (Love for you, yes, I do)
Don't you know that you're my good luck charm? (Don't you know you're my good luck charm? Baby, you've been my good luck charm, yeah, yeah)
Loving you forever, girl, and never do I (Never do I, no, no, no)
Wanna go without my good luck charm (Oh-oh, woah)
[Bridge: B. Casey]
And I'd throw away this ice, and give up my J.E. pieces
Just to get a piece of your love forever, uh
And I knew you were a keeper
So, baby girl, I'm keepin' you
Can't think about lettin' you go, no, no
It seems like every situation I been facin'
You know what to do to save me
So I know you bring me luck
So I'm standin' strong like a soldier
I know how to hold you
I'm sayin' this to let you know
I got so. ooh

[Chorus: Jagged Edge & (B. Casey)]
See, I got so much love for you in these arms (Woah)
Don't you know that you're my good luck charm? (Yes, I know, yes, I know, baby)
Wear you 'round forever, girl, ain't no harm (And yeah)
And nobody else can borrow it, I won't allow it (I won't allow it, no)
See, I got so much love for you in these arms (In these arms, yeah, yeah)
Don't you know that you're my good luck charm? (You're my good luck charm)
Loving you forever, girl, and never do I (I go nowhere-where without, I go)
Wanna go without my good luck charm (Baby, you know you're my, my, my)

[Outro: Jagged Edge, (B. Casey) & Wingo]
See, you're my—
See, you're my—, yeah (Ooh)
See, you're my—
See, you're my—, yeah (Oh, yeah, yeah)
See, you're my—
See, you're my—, yeah (Yeah, yeah)
See, you're my—
See, you're my—, yeah, yeah
See, you're my— (Yeah, yeah)
(Baby, you know you're mine)
See, you're my—, yeah (Yeah, yeah)
See, you're my— (You're the one)
See, you're my—, yeah
See, you're my— (You're mine)
See, you're my—, yeah (My good luck charm)