
Yeah, this is Jimmy E.L.E, getting ya'll ready for that Dreams Between the Sound Machines mix-tape soon to drop baby

BismillahAl-Rahman Al-Raheem

[Verse 1: Jimmy E.L.E]
I dig deep in your heart and pull out Blood Clots so call me the Genghis Khan of Hip-Hop
See I stay ready and armed plus I'm steady and calm when I'm dropping a bomb on your Tick-Tock Timer
I'm the reminder that you're more pussy than a vagina
So you could call me DICK, whatever I still spit a ridiculous script
Bass will make the whole place plus your vehicular flip Ughhh
I'm on some other shit, mother ship flow, borderline sorta schitzo
Your daughter say I spit dope like I gargle with water made up of
Sick quotes
A sick dose of sick anecdotes spit like I slit throats and rip cantaloupes
Off your vertical cervical vertebrae, Wordplay is so surgical call it scalpel blade

[Chorus: Jimmy E.L.E]
If you didn't know that Jimmy had such a sick flow, well Nigga Now You KNOW
If you're tired of suckers talking bout how they get dough, well Nicca Now You KNOW

[Verse 2: Jimmy E.L.E]
I bring the ruckus in the function and get rambuctious so when I does this, there'll be no obstruction
I was the kid your mother told you not to hang around, and now your mothers' at my show trying to get down?
Hi,.....bye you are too old, I wouldn't do you even if you pooed gold!
Plus she was too slow, looked like a mixture between carrot-top and Hugo
Ew no
Yes I know I'm talking Chavez
What other Hugo Do You Know?
Hugo Boss I guess.....
Chorus :
If you didn't know that Jimmy had such a sick flow, well Nicca Now You KNOW
If you're tired of suckers talking bout how they get dough, well Nicca Now You KNOW
You might also like[Verse 3: Jimmy E.L.E]
The swift lyricist, verbal antagonizer, with great penmanship, the wack M.C. chastiser
So while they're talking bout being some mobsters this monster is sparking up his 7 chakras
Call the Doctor!
We got an irrelevant felon here, squeezing my melon and creeping in my ear
Oh My God! This year belongs to E.L.E
So you can see his dreams exposed
Just like Lennon when he got his melon blown!
Damn right it's On, Jimmy slaughters Maricones
Corny fucks, call em Children of the Corn
They don't want no trouble, they're better off doing Gay porn as little Richard stunt doubles!

[Chorus: Jimmy E.L.E]
If you didn't know that Jimmy had such a sick flow, well Nicca Now You KNOW
If you're tired of suckers talking bout how they get dough, well Nicca Now You KNOW

[Verse 4: Jimmy E.L.E]
Bash forth with the rhythm split em in a million atoms
I am just kidding, you think that I would reuse a pattern?
I got verbal displays for days and days in different arrays
And intricate ways
And if that doesn't amaze
Well I got concepts so deep that I could never convey
To you cause you are living today
In other words you would have to wait
Twenty whole years for you to even relate
November eighteenth two thousand and thirty one set the Date!
[Chorus: Jimmy E.L.E]
If you didn't know that Jimmy had such a sick flow, well Nicca Now You KNOW
If you're tired of suckers talking bout how they get dough, well Nicca Now You KNOW