Love. Life. Liberty. to be...
Yeah I agree

[Verse 1]
Worthiness to live in this greatness
Lifetime seeing hatred got the color scheme faded
But my loyalty ain't never been shaded,
Ya'll terrible I swear, switch sides everyday
Without a care in the world, you must be a girl
To betray your friend then be a friend again!
In this life of sin, we throw our love in the wind
Someone will catch the breeze, but it's live in the air
Live on the breeze, you be a bee to be on that YOLO,
Everyone you follow be the same type
How you maintain the hype? Stuck in the matrix
It's real, living zombies with no authentic feel, copycat copycats
See my vision, no they won't
Can't duplicate Wolfay's living, woo I can't see life this clear
But here it goes I see myself in the mirror

[Hook]
We live this hip-hop, we breathe that air
Best believe they stare
But I'm steady getting flow so what you know?
Wolfay goes for the gold, fit the scroll
Prophecy
You might also like[Verse 2]
My prophecy to live my life in love
Enjoying the liberty, to be free
Who say I'm not who I am
You could not be you, I love this hip-hop
I breathe the soul, I shoot for the gold
14k at least! you don't know the love I have for it
I bark on a leash, got to control myself with the words I say
Cuz in the future this'll lead my legacy
The past transgressions I was forced to leave, no faith in me
When all I gave you was encouragement as a consulate
Thought we were brothers and son, that was my heart
No broken pieces lost, fork it over for the jewels of knowledge
More wisdom I polish, I rap for listeners, you got to think
It ain't illegal yet, otherwise you a prisoner
A slave to the design of society, and I love the humane people
That's right, I do this out of love, the love ya'll, I love ya'll
ROM.

[Verse 3]
Yo, liberty. It's my right, we fought for this
Locked up muscle fight like arthritis, so I plead on my knees
Hope I please ya'll with this song
My life to give and live and live with the liberty, to do right
The final lap this is, coming down from the high horse, third verse
Trey's my name, in Spanish it's three, trio of persona
So complicated with the mantra, similar events happen to us all
A mixed ball of love, confusion combined with lust
Where is our life led to? The direction only a few know
Live wire humble, Whoa! I take a moment to recap on all my mishaps
Made me wiser, lyrics stronger, flow improving, in due time
I form from a butterfly to a monster
Fire rages inside, why do I en-cage the lion's pride?
Maybe I like only the joy to bulge, lyrical dreamer,
I wish for better dreams, themes, in this Babylon Tape to gleam