So now I'm giving mad props to 118th street guys lowdown illtown double I
And now I'm setting it off just like this nough props to pookey mook daddy what the fucking this
The whole naughty tribe setting off naughty vibes and the road dogs with cruddy cliques taking forty-fives
The rotten rascals with headaches and bad news hairdo lie shakim roll in the landcruise
The skipper the lyrical big dipper highs the 
Ripper malique and MIDI raggedy candy candy dj twister
Cause its the place to be when facing me. 

(Hey yo Miilk you got enough songs on this album so lets just get the shouts and them was sups
Lets get the fuck outta here man
Fuck all that yo let us get outta here)

First of all big up to Mufi and his whole diehard posse Butch Whip, Windell, Sheldon, and Dave and
Frank the engineers at Marion Studios good lookin out you know what I'm saying. And a strong word up to the genius Pookie Gist who put the whole thing together from the jump and his brother Kay Gee mastering the whole project with the ill baseline moves on the court know what I'm saying
And I can't forget nasty ass Nick with the mind boggling tracks and his whole basement organization alright. Fuck it
And oh yea this one here is for my crew with JB,AB,Jam Trip, and Ty Blue. And Yang Yang doing his thang  with the buddha bang, cool curt, B Rock power rangers on the muscle train
Jams cousin ayeen keep it clean, keep your dream, everyone in delaney projects knows what I mean
With ki sessigo they makin g's d'lo with Lil'Woo showing new ways to smoke to Carlito
So hey Rey Rey what's going on why you calming down rob the town, show these motherfuckers what ya knocking down
Peace out to Gibby Gib, Qui, qucco Looser  Domeshia,Keesha my baby boo who I love pooko Lisa. 

Still chill though D,the fool swanny G
All the stock the lunatic asylum, Shock and Marley GP. And Lacey K Star from Rosa Park, J Mar, JG formin with mad thoughts of all I know is all
And NG rock supreme and the fool and everyone know there's a party in Jackson's old pool
You might also likeAnd all the kids on Hall Ave when you see five-o haul ass, these punk ass cops are always throwing rocks in someone's old trash.
They won't last cause I know backflip others the snipers, and Jam says wassup to all the lifers out on Rikers.
I might just be there one of these days because these people are acting like they was down to catch a blaze
So stay strong develop to a twenty five, be precise with dice in part e-q-u-v in a beehive
So mourn the fucking time Shalique, Shank, and J-Car, Charlie Rock, Kareem and Liza, and the crew was in the bar
Mike Harrace in the ghetto palace, they like the life of the hood like it was paris. I treat it like a quest to rob ra so watch ra, don't fuck with Tracy Waples and Capitol going sky high.

Hey yo Miilk I'm about to get the fuck out of here yo man,Kay Gee waiting for us outside is you coming yo? Lets get out of  here fuck all that rhyming shit (alright hold up)

Hey yo last but not least peace out to all the Amboy, lil sketch, wapo, and the whole hunterdon buildings,
And everyone down at the waterfront
And also my family who never believed shit from the start, I needed that and I ain't mad at ya