Make moves like big stunnas
Keep these shades on my face, might burn
Your eyes, I'm Scott Summers!

I'm bonafide, Hitman, no suit and tie...
My bitch Make me come alive, when she open legs; that suicide!

Riding out on 95, GC on a high rise!
Hustling through the week too
I stay up when that sun rise!

My eyes low, cuz of no sleep, or I'm too high?
I don't know, if it's daytime
Behind dark tints and Moonshine

Living life, mixing tron up with some Sprite
Pouring shots up with my misses
Fab would say this shit is NICE

She Rolls a couple swishers, hope she lives up to the hype!
Asked me why I rock these glasses?
Cuz my futures is too bright!

I'm chilling, but swaggers on the max
Got a nigga in the zone, thinking bout another stack...
You might also likeShine hard, Stay young and getting paid
As my future looking bright, I'm just laid back in my shades like...

(HOOK)
I wear my sunglasses at night, so I can
So I can...
I wear my sunglasses at night, so I can
So I can...
I wear my sunglasses at night, so I can
So I can...
I wear my sunglasses at night, so I can
So I can...

VERSE 2

I guess this my time here
Kill shit, I made crimes here
Seeing all these flashing lights
Baltimore is like Times Square

Short days, long nights..strippers in Norma jeans
Lipstick stains on these nice jeans
Scene lavish like palm springs

Tf you fooling, beat the pussy up until its bruising
All my niggas, eat good, better watch out for that Judas
Take them Ray Bans off bitch
Take a look at the bright side
This gold bezel with light shine?
I guess you peeped at the right time!

I'm on some new shit, had to switch the style up
Had to get them miles up
Let this money pile up!

RIP my old life
I refuse to turn back
Least if I pass, it'll be some new stacks on my new plaque!

Gold hearted, northeast Monster
Got a rich tounge, no cheap talking
Got bad bitches, they keep stalking
Cuz I live my dreams, I'm sleep walking
(Whoooooo!)

Shine hard, Stay young and getting paid
As my future looking bright, I'm just laid back in my shades like

(HOOK)