
- I don't really want to take up your time
Because I know you got a lot to keep you
Preoccupied
Got to get up for work
Got to buy the new thing
Got to get into church
You say, "It's best for me."

- and I know you're looking out for yourself
And you never had the drive to even offer to help
And you couldn't listen to it if it changed your mind
You want to stay confined in the line and taste wine

- and now you sit in front of televisions
Wishing you never had to wake up in the world you live in
And so you do nothing about it, wait for somebody else
All you do is get paid, eat a steak, pass out

- and it doesn't really make any sense
Cause you believe that you won't do any bad and go to heaven
But you never contribute by just numbing your brain
Consuming everything without knowing what it's ever like - to feel pain

Cause you've forgotten what it means to be human
You might also like- Let's take a walk until we think that we know - with
The sick and the mentally ill- out on the road
Who could never afford -- health care or control
And you're saying that they're lazy, they deserve to go?

What about all the civilians that we're killed in the east?
They won't try to differentiate a terrorist and me?
You think that that they we re justified, protecting our freedom?
Freedom for what? Free to just - sit and eat up?

- you say we got to liberate the people
Let the Africans die since they have no resources
That's the way it's supposed to be?
But you wouldn't say it if you were the one to bleed

Don't you see? They want to keep you asleep
And your mind closed-off, never care about a thing
But the car you drive, the iphone you buy
That was made by a Chinese slave for a dime

- and you're saying cause we're #1
But you never been to Canada and never been to Europe
You just feed into the (individualism) of society
Never even try to empathize in your entirety

You're thinking everything will happen for a reason
Till you're raped - by a man who believes in Jesus
The governor's paid by the Wal-Mart sleaze
And they're setting up a shop where your mother's buried
- and you think it's God's destiny
Let the poor be poor, and the woman be weak
But God's a get-rich- scheme, American dream
You never think with reason, you just have to believe

- And you're saying that I'm going to hell
He can punish me now, smite me to the ground!
C'mon motherfucker, I ain't waitin around
Go ahead you got the power, fucking strike me down!

I'm back
You weren't born with a silver spoon
You worked hard and you earned everything in the room
So you think if you can do it, anybody can too -
They were born- in the same environment and values?

The man who's overweight can lose it if he wants to?
But they're giving him pills instead of veggies and fruits, you don't

Know what it's like - to be fucking oppressed
To feel inequality, police beat you to death
To be wrongly accused in jail for drug use
Nobody wants to help - they're afraid of you -

- - Don't tell me that you know they can change
You've never been the opposite sex - or orientation
A different nationality or color or race
A homeless soldier on veteran's day
- Ignore science, take a leap of faith?
No thanks, cause you're drinking from a bowl of kool-aid
You never want to step outside of your place
You're a fucking disgrace, get the fuck out my face

- But you learned it all in summer school
Till they go on strike, you're a dumber fool
They can never be - fired in a union pool
So they don't give a fuck if you become a criminal

- and you're saying I'm a cynical liberal
Pessimistic conspiracy theorist - out of tune -
- I've been to the bottom of ladders and down and that's
More than what you'll ever fucking see from your couch

Take the time and take a look at yourself
Stop thinking if you're gonna go to heaven or hell
Start learning what it's like to be somebody else
And offer to help when nobody else will

Cause we've forgotten what it means to be human