
{verse 1} Then I wake up, reality calls, I wanna hang up
Because I'm afraid our amazing relationship might only be just a thing i made up
All in my head? Or is it a vision? We can turn dream into thing if you wish it..too..
Missing you, when my eyes are open I am frozen, when you look at me your eyes are
Beautiful blue, like skies and oceans, my explosions of thoughts of you as I write these notes

And my emotions pour out, its a war now, i waste more hours. No real goal but I'm still thinkin
No pillows, and I'm still dreamin

{Hook}- Nervous men live worthless endless dreams and
Lonely women only give in in dreams and
All you've been was flawless in my dreams and theres
Words I'd say but cursed to stay in dreamin

{verse 2}
Usually not this nervous, that last dream seemed worth it

Cuz in that dream my nerdiness wasn't a burden and too weird too flirt with
And these verses? feel worhtless. Probably still wouldn't talk if you heard this
But recurring diversions of only one person somehow gotta have a purpose. (right?)

{hook}
All you've been was flawless in my dreams and theres
Words I'd say but cursed to stay in dreamin
You might also like{bridge} - I should really tell ya
Before somebody else does, but lately I have fell under
Pointless fear its helpless/
And I heard that I shouldn't lay up and worry bout a girl who ain't straight up.(chuckle)
Should confess how I feel not today uh.."love takes time" so I gotta wait up./
How do I get jealous over someone I don't have
I do this to myself but I just hope that it spells love/
Guess I'm brave huh? I can't face her. I'm way too lame to approach her
But wouldn't be afraid to display us thoughts will come back like a boomerang does
(Mmm.)

{Hook}

{Verse 3}
"Dude that's bad! Like say what? Its all in your head? that's fake love"
Like the bad dream should be how I stay up thinking of a girl and how we'd never break up
Tellin her she good enough and she don't need make up

And its weird how I fear what to say but

When I'm unconscious you are all mine

And the real nightmare is when I wake up