
[Intro]
"Back off Man, I'm a Scientist"

[Verse]
Verbal murder, lyrical homicide. shells will leave a motherfucker screaming like his momma died
You that im gon' ride, and im all kinds of high. sittin in the back of a maserad' living like an episode of Entourage
I'll fuck your bitch, wake up, fuck her friend crazy yeah you'll never get these nuts again
I'll stab you with this fucking pen, write a verse with it, so Its scripted in blood dressing in all black linen
The world will keep spinning, and im gon' keep sinning. smack a bitch in her face, convince her that I respect women
Been nice since the beginning. you ain't think so suck a dick. dopest rapper let me check that off the bucket list
The gun comes equipped with the laser under the muzzle tip. hit your lungs and rip through your stomach, exit your fucking hip
Now who you fucking with?

[Hook]
I got codeine on my breath, weed in my system. they blowing my high, fucking with my rhythem
Killing my vibe, but I dont really listen, I dont really listen, I dont really listen I swear
Sometime I can't call it. lifes hard I feel like an alcoholic. I got money in my pocket Im gon' blow that shit
Dont your girl to stop it I dont know that bitch

[Verse 2]
Now whos the best, they ask and I past the test, send these heart to heart rappers into cardiac arrest
Now sit and ingest these sins that I confess, marathon hustler. you looking out of breath
Could you handle it? If I dismantled your team. should I slow it down a bit? so you can catch up and breathe
Im everything that you read about, Im authentic dont misrepresent it if I said it know I meant it
Got a 22 I call Emmit, hes so reliable. putting holes in teams that shit is undeniable
G is certifiable, they call me psychotic, mixing whiskey with the weed. acid with the hyptonic
I gotta a hold of this shit, gold digging hoes with their goals on my dick. stones on my wrist
Bank rolls I insist, play your position. Science Camp just listen, just listen
You might also like[Hook]
I got codeine on my breath, weed in my system. they blowing my high, fucking with my rhythem
Killing my vibe, but I dont really listen, I dont really listen, I dont really listen I swear
Sometime I can't call it. lifes hard I feel like an alcoholic. I got money in my pocket Im gon' blow that shit
Dont your girl to stop it I dont know that bitch