Lil'Hood Get em!

[Verse 1: Lil Hood]
My Hustle glows with pride even my lines are in store
Im building a case, one that the Government can't ignore
The three of us right here is a very special combo
Tryna get a house, I can hit you with a condo
Grew up on the street wif' many gangs and different mottos
Where niggas are killed for bringing down a single logo
I ain't talkin' JAMB but we used to be broke yo
Niggas hate Jap(an), they dream live in Tokyo
Back then we were nobody wif' pimples on our faces
But now we got the bars and we talking different cases
Money comes, Money goes
With college girls and different hoes
Money on our minds but i suppose you already know
Stay clean smoke no kush
But like God I most high
Hustling everyday, that's the story of my life
This is just the beginning
So you can call me Genesis
Cos now, Money drives me so i just take the backseat
Killer verses killer tracks
Plus money's what we pray for
Lord knows all, so all we have to do is stay strong
You might also like[Hook: Mr.Tizzy]
The Life... The Life Is Beautiful..Hah!
The Life... The Life Is Beautiful
Cos everything we are.. yeeaa
Cos everything we are...

[Verse 2: YungPyrex]
The Hustle is my Art, I painted what I would think
My tats no fake, my body's covered with Ink
Still allergic to broke, prescription straight to the paper
I'm no King Of New-York, But I've gat a place in Jamaica
Only dope Niggas in Africa, Living with criminal Jews
Went and Got Erica, we drove on a carnival Cruise
I never would have dreamed in a million years I'd see
So many muthafuckas in here who wanna dress like me
It's like 69 in your basement and I'm in love with Nebby
And I still love her but it fell through cos I wasn't ready
And your back hurt, your neck hurt, and you smoking heavy
I sit next to you, lecture you, cos my lines are deadly
After all this shit, I'm still like I'm gonna reign here
I'm santa Claus to every kid, ain't riding with no reign-deer
Rocking In the club, catch me on an elephant
Yung Pyrex-kid but I'm feeling so elegant
Now everyday's a Friday and every night's a sex scene
Every week is a fashion week and everyday Im pressed clean
I'm headed to the ball, me and three prom queens
My life is a Prom Night, yeah i'm the prom King
Many tell me i'm the man, I ain't made it yet
Records on demand, way too much I'm like Damn!!
I'm addicted to Ganja, roll it up in the wood
Drink a gallon of Henny, throw it up for the hood
Imma ride for my people, give my people a voice
Never followed a leader, Use my weapon as a choice
{Hook Rolls In}
Pull up on you niggas like Jordan at the three-line
Still In the hood, hanging on like beehives
Still on tha' move, swangin' on em Levi's
I Made the Hustle out my muscle, What up 5!
Ran my way through like i rustle, coppin' pies
Me On tour going through shuttles, bumpin' Plies
All new me, nothing's gonna be the same
Talk about how I wanna change the Game, make a name
I do it for the fans and I do it for the fame
I gat my hands up feelin' fly
I do it for the Money, That's all that I Claim...
That's all that I Claim
[Outro: YungPyrex]
Yo!!!!
Wadup Tizzy
Meek I gatchu!
Grandbosz Waridoo!!
Bigger Than Life

BORN LIVE THE HUSTLE!!!