Prepare for glory...
There is no glory to be had now! Only retreat, or surrender...
With death.. that's an easy choice for us...
Never retreat, NEVER SURRENDER!

{Verse 1- Payday Monsanto]
The medias arm don't like who the fuck I be
Cos I vow to liquidate the FCC
And utilize advanced technology
To make a murderous army follow me
Arch enemy of the police state
They cannot stand T.R.U.T.H
Intellectual cowards runaway from debates
They built an industry on unadulterated hate
Illuminati can't buy me or play me
I am not your kanye west or jay z
The rocafellas get vigorous kicks from killing crackers, wetbacks,waps?, n****** and spiks
Only an invalid don't understand why y'all insulted
Naming their record labels after motherfucking vultures
Cultures are created by monsters
With the intent to incarcerate you get you divided and conquered

{Chorus: Payday Monsanto}
I want you all to remember
Your representatives are pathological liars nothing short of insane
Complicit in the murder of millions
And I'm sorry that's still their agenda
You might also likeThey talking to you so tender
But with utter content cos they need your consent
To get you on the train
As long as your oblivious to this you agree to surrender

[Another quote?]

{Verse 2 - Payday Monsanto]
Usury has been condemned by the wise
As a treasonous crime despised since the beginning of time
Money changes is'a bloody dangerous and forbidden by god
Jesus christ flipped over eight tables and hit em with rods
**** talk leads to poverty, forced labour and sodomy
Predicated on grand theft, larceny and robbery
Police enforce corporate policy, unsavory
A people unarmed is the definition of slavery
Peace officers used to be neighborly
But their bravery has been replaced by savagery and depravity
Cos they owned by the corporate plutocracy
Their only job description is to protecting private property
THAT.. DON'T... MEAN.. YOUR.. HOME
...COS YOUR HOME YOU DON'T OWN
They issued you a jacket and convinced you that you would sink without out
YOU BELONG TO THE STATE... THINK ABOUT IT

{Chorus: Payday Monsanto}
I want you all to remember
Your representatives are pathological liars nothing short of insane
Complicit in the murder of millions
And I'm sorry that's still their agenda
They talking to you so tender
But with utter content cos they need your consent
To get you on the train (That's the intent)
As long as your oblivious to this you agree to surrender


[Outro}
THIS AINT THE LAND OF THE FUCKING FREE....