
[Intro: Da Cebza]

Awe! It's Rap Mastaz
Slim-B, Da-Cebza,haha
Kwanelletary i got you
Nduh I see you
Awe!

Verse.1 : Slim-B]

Slim-B yizo ntwana n’sazogcwala
Ng’buye ngamanyala ah gcwala
Nezinja zam z’khiphe inamba bayay’banga labantwana ah!
Bafunuk bhela bayasfensa bheka
Knini bethi syafoster look
Now I’m a star, abaning’ ababoni kuhluleke ngisho iNASA
3-5 manje si all over njenge All Star
I’m one of those tough stars, call me a rockstar,ah!
Bengiyihlaya kulabantwana bheka nou ng’cosh iphepha njengohlanya
Ng’bagaya I performance e top njenge sky room live
S’shisa bhe, that’s why snama fans everywhere (fans everywhere)


You might also like[Hook: Da-Cebza]

When we grab the mike we kill the beats
Kwanelletary,Nduh R.M we making the hits
Bheki Cele on the flow man we shoot to kill
Droppin hot bars fela
Can You Handle This?

[Verse.2 : Da-Cebza]

Ang’sadli igawulo boy, sengiz’dlel’ indwangu
Ngingena kukhale abantwana, ngzodedel’ isbhaxu,(Cebzaaa!)
Cebza reca, Profereca, call me what you want to
Kwanelletary, Nduh, Slim-B, that’s my crew
The architect isn’t good enough to prove my intelligence
We making hits, we kill the beats, you still claim to be the best
Rap Mastaz they know it, I rap until they know me
Going sick on the beat, Ill flowing
Ngenza omrepha bagodole, like it’s snowing
It’s obvious I drop sweet bars when I’m charming
Haters you wanna feature me
Phath’ I camera yakho I don’t care how you picture me
They’re busy playing rugby at me, Shooting tries
Bathi badliz’ngane aha! Telling lies
Uyasgcwala or aw’gcwali, le track usazoyfila
If u claimer ukuth’ uyashisa ngale flow yami ngyak’cisha
Njenge radio evuliwe, maw’bhayiza s’yak’cima
Mang’ performer I crowd ibanga umsindo njengo Slikour
Nale verse engil drophayo iyona ezokubhabhadisa
Nale cherry efika ipheke iphake isifun’ ukung’dlisa (Cebza reca)
[Hook: Da Cebza]


[Verse.3 : Nduh]

I’m goin in with the flow d.o.p.e, yeah I’m so dumb
Inkosi yale rap, lova bamb’ ibhantshi
Bathi bang’cima ngabacika, I’m the fireman, (fireman)
She thinks of me, I’m on her brain,call me brain man
Second body on my bed, she spends a night with me, (with me)
Brainstorm, killing them, I got my crew with me
And you’re not on this track cuz your grade is too low
I fly like a pilot, never worry‘bout traffic
Hater you ain't saying nothing ,(ah ah)
I’m ahead of you cuz your start is my finish,njengok’bamba I ex yam, (haha!)
Bathi ng’zofa nini Nduh is’guli sale Rap
Check the score I’m still winning, ANC baba
Ng’sazogubha ngale skill sam, Ng’ncwabe iskim sakho
I did it perfect to my first try, you’re still trying
I’m the type of rapper that just kill the competition
Evidence I took your spot,I call it substitution (hhah!)


[Verse. 4 : Kwanelletary]

Kwanelletary, who? Dat’s me, (Dat’s rite)
No brass band, boy I boss me
Since I got Rap Mastaz with me, I’m chasing Phd
When I spit I’m in HD, Hit the streets and  that’s  3D
You try too hard, but rap is just my B-D-Ay, Call it a gift!
Recall that I’m the truth and I’m about to hurt you dude
I ain't down with no rookies, I’m so allergic fool
Bwoy I’mma kill you now and even in the afterlife
Everything you do has an “i” Call that an Imaginary life
Your woman’s stuck on the crazy lane and yes I’m the driver
Rap is inside the genetics, got it from my forefathers
Ehhh! Dat father Cham, & dat father Hop,& dat father Tech & that Father Em
Dat boy can rap but I cannot hear, Dat song you made, I call it Deaf Jam
And if you think that you’re nice as me, I think that you’re a funny joke
So if you’re playin’ that clown with me, my fist will get you that reddish nose
I’m turning boys to Birdman, A lotta faces with teardrops
Still kickin fire on these beats, Let’s call that a missile-toe!
[Hook : Da Cebza]

[Outro: Da Cebza]

Awe, It's Rap Mastaz, R.E.S production
Ah Can you handle This, This!
Kwanelletary (Hold Up!)
Nduh! (haha boy)
Slim-B
Da-Cebza
Awe!