Kind of ironic, ain't it?
How these touch screens can make us lose touch
But it's no wonder in a world filled with iMacs, iPads and iPhones
So many "i"’s, so many selfies, not enough "us"'s and "we"’s
See, technology has made us more selfish and separate than ever
'Cause while it claims to connect us, connection has gotten no better
And let me must express first, Mr. Zuckerberg
Not to be rude, but you should re-classify Facebook to what it is: an anti-social network
'Cause while we may have big friend lists
So many of us are friendless, all alone
'Cause friendships are more broken than the screens on our very phones
We sit at home on our computers measuring self-worth by numbers of followers and likes
Ignoring those who actually love us
It seems we’d rather write an angry post than talk to someone who might actually hug us
Am I bugging? You tell me
'Cause I asked a friend the other day, "Let's meet up face to face."
They said, "Alright. What time you wanna Skype?"
I responded with "OMG!", "SRS?", and then a bunch of "SMH"'s
And realized, what about me?
Do I not have the patience to have conversation without abbreviation?
This is the generation of media overstimulation
Chats have been reduced to snaps
The news is 140 characters
Videos are 6 seconds at high speed
And you wonder why ADD is on the rise faster than 4G LTE
But, get a load of this
Studies show the attention span of the average adult today
Is one second lower than that of a goldfish
So if you're one of the few people or aquatic animals that have yet to click off or close this video, congratulations
Let me finish by saying you do have a choice, yes
But this one, my friends, we cannot auto-correct – we must do it ourselves
Take control or be controlled: make a decision
Me?
No longer do I want to spoil a precious moment by recording it with a phone – I'm just gonna keep them
I don’t wanna take a picture of all my meals anymore – I'm just gonna eat them
I don't want the new app, the new software, or the new update
And if I wanna post an old photo, who says I have to wait until Thursday?
I'm so tired of performing in the pageantry of vanity
And conforming to this accepted form of digital insanity
Call me crazy, but I imagine a world where we smile when we have low batteries
'Cause that will mean we'll be one bar closer...to humanity