It came to me in a dream that this life isn’t real
Your perception is what you see and feel
Seeing is believing but my life is standing still
Still I chill like the ice in the cup that i filled
Running over while i over think
Codeine filling up I’m about to sink
Grab a seat, anything to help you hold on tight
With the grip, last breathe, take a sip
If i only had one wish, for a fact that is
I would go back and change all the shit that i did
Wonder every night how i ended up like this?
Go all in when your running low on chips, because
What is life really if you ain't got the dip to dip it in
Food for thought, now the kids are obsess
Exactly what they just don’t want to happen, see
If you gain some knowledge then even think to speak
Know these words of wisdom could get you six feet deep

[Hook x2]
So this is life? Is that what you’re telling me?
How can plants from the earth be a felony?
Prescription drugs handed out, here the remedy
Addicted physically and mentally

[Bridge]
Is this really life? I ask why
Outside, reflecting on the inside
Realize all the pills this worlds been perscribed
Now that might be the main reason why
You might also like[SHANEBOSS: Verse 2]
They say its all in the mind, look deep inside
Walk the line many times got pushed aside
They implied i wasn’t living right, who decides
Last time i checked your living your life based on lies
Im living mine high, memorsized in space & time
Prisoner within my mind locked away my whole life
Trying to plan my escape from the maze
But i end up doing the same exact shit each and everyday
Bout time to make a change,tend to stray far away
Back to my evil ways,where the path is already paved
Covered in tears blood stains,lessons have been learned
Repeat the same shit like i didn’t get a turn
Let it burn, i ain't ever gonna pass it
I need the whole thing whatchu expect from an addict
Gotta get it, I gotta have it, & if i don’t get it of course
I start to panic, thoughts running rampant
A dirty south bandit empty and abandon, yet I’m still standing
And I’m not even gonna finish these last two bars, because
The point is made don’t want to go to far

Dad: This yours?
Kid:Naww...
Dad: Your Mother Said She Found It In Your Closet
Kid: I don't one of the guys must of...
Dad:Must Of What?
Kid: But Dad Its Not ...
Dad: Where Did You Get It?
Kid: Dad
Dad: Answer Me! Who Taught You How To Do This Stuff?
Kid: You Alright! I Learned It By Watching You!!!