E-Dubble: Kom, go ahead and introduce this
Koplex: This is Freestyle Friday number uhhh... What number is this, E?
E-Dubble: It's 22
Komplex: I don't know
E-Dubble: It's twenty-fuck-it
Komplex: Let's go! Yo!

[Verse 1: Komplex]
How many y'all reporting live from the hospital?
I'm so ill, run rappers over, roadkill
No ice, no grills, no frill
Mo' nice, mo' skills, mo' real
On your stereo-reo (Oh!)
So here we, here we (Go!)
Turn it up a notch, turn it up a lot
I'm burning up your blocks like a pot full of legos
Drop it like it's fuego in a hasta luego
Pasta and prego, pasta alfredo
In the cockpit of a rocket
With a pocket full of pesos
Blaze shows make the crowd say (Oh!)
Now me and Mr. Bego in a winner bake go
A New York Giant, I take no midgets
Star worked hard like an immigrant to get it
I am my biggest fan and critic
Goddamn if I ain't the shittic, bitches
You might also like[Verse 2: E-Dubble]
Unscripted; skip past the read-through
The flow's water; I breeze through on sea-doos
I see food, I eat food, I need to
Tough to keep my weight up
Running circles 'round these weak dudes
Transparent; the rest are all see-through
We complex; we vex when we don't mean to
I'm in the fucking house; you got to lean to
And if you follow me I'll give you real shit to tweet to
You bring the drama like Landon Donovan
But I'm tryna keep it cool, I'm in my sandals, Pali'in
No hollering, I'm talking to grown ups
Ipecac in the phalanges, the hands get thrown up
Yeah, I'm like a singer man, I got this sewn up
Like a cop who split his pants eating too much donuts
You got cake, that's great, but so what?
I'd still be hungry stealing extra packs of peanuts, like

[Hook]
Bang, bang, we don't even aim
I don't see a gun but I see a blue flame
Hotter than the city, go ahead and make it rain
Better cough it up 'cause I'ma make this bell rang

[Verse 3: Komplex and E-Dubble]
And look who's Max's Mr. Two-steps
That was last summer, back with a new step
I shine, 'cause I grind while you slept
Just to keep on moving, 'cause that's what I do best
Yo, go hard I strong arm like Bo-Guard
No fraud those fakes are just blowhards
All bark, no bite, they got no jaws
I rich strife the mic and pay homage

Raised in my spaceship
295 on the parkway
Broke down, now I move crowds like The Marchay
Flow's so butter, can't believe it's not Parkay
I get space, I get played like a card game

Eh, spew's sicker than the BP-Spill
No bifocals needed just to see we ill
Wrap it up, doggybag, let me see that bill
Black Paisley, 2010, I don't need that deal
'Cause I

[Hook]
Bang, bang, we don't even aim
I don't see a gun but I see a blue flame
Hotter than the city, go ahead and make it rain
Better cough it up 'cause I'ma make this bell rang
Bang, bang, we don't even aim
I don't see a gun but I see a blue flame
Hotter than the city, go ahead and make it rain
Better cough it up 'cause I'ma make this bell rang
[E-Dub's Rambles]
Yeah, Freestyle Friday #22, thanks to my homeboy Kom for killing it! First, uh, first collabo in a while, and uh, you guys gotta check out our show July 16th at the 8X10. It's gonna be Komplex, A Cool Stick, and Young English. It's our last show, so make sure you make it out. Facebook.com/EDubHipHop, Twitter.com/EDubHipHop, shoutout to Activate Social. Black Paisley! Kom, how 'bout a few words, few words for yourself?

[Kom's Ramble]
Yes! It's me, Mister Komplex, spelled with a K. Y'all can just call me Kom. And please, please, please catch me on Facebook at Komplex Wordplay. Of course, that's Komplex spelled with a K everyday. Doing it with Mr. E-Dubble, we huddle and run the play. Ahahaha! [???]. Out!