I remember I used to have a crush on you
Back when I used to - take classes at UM
See me uh, in class scribbling in my notepad, y'know

[Verse I]
Collegiate notes on Carthage, verses outlined in the margin
Rap changed, it ain’t about who’s soft and who’s hard, shit
And fame don’t correlate with the skills of an artist
I try and reach the youth when I speak in the booth
Roll your weed and get loose but think, sink your teeth in a book
Three sides to every story niggas offer you two
Only MC that bangs with the sickening truth
Claim your crew’s titanic, I’m sinking a few
If I die tomorrow Hip-Hop, I’m thinking of you
Listen dear diary take everything inside me
If real recognize real, Technique inspired me!
I’m here to save the nights foolish pride would deny sleep
Bible by your side, it’s blasphemy, but side beside me
Hurting, sobbing on your white sheets
Turning, tossing cause your mom need a man
Wipe them tears off when you needed her the most
Your bitch disappeared, God, just ain’t fair
Bump B.I.G. I’m all ears
You’re nobody till somebody kills you
You don’t love somebody till their gone and don’t miss you!
You might also like[Verse II]
Truth hurts much worse when your voice won’t coward
So I move verse like my hearse was the world trade tower
Get it all outward, I’m thinking about her
Hair dripping, the towels, the sex in the shower!
Fuck latex, we take risk for great sex
Never got that late text, would she ever say shit? [Nah!]
We lived for the moment; Kids for a moment
We did but we’re broken, the rhythm has chosen
Expose the pain, need Novocain
These colder nights and longer days I must maintain
I’m going insane, give the world my back when and if my shoulder breaks
I chose to stray, man I told her straight
“Fear my lies, Hear. Every. Rhyme. They hold more weight
Sincere like Nas, strong as Buns these words I say
Harvey Dent with all the hell I’ve faced
I’m starving babe and it’s brains I crave, your food for thought
The taste is strange, I figured things would change
Sadly they just stayed the same…”
My mother said, “son, never lie always tell her the truth”
She’s the only one I trust beside the MIC in the booth
“You lost a passionate dude, it’s falling harder on you!
I’m done paying attention, I guess your insecurities due”

[Verse III]
Some hearts are filled by taking trips to Venice
What thrills me is fucking taken women
Breaking relationships plus the taste of taken lips
Is like a forbidden fruit, I ain’t a snake nigga
Don’t get the two confused
Hate it, when I said “Boo”  were the girl of my dreams
Her body was sweet, licked her cherry, had her whipped like the cream
I’m whack but she love it and in this dream for cream
We both know, Wu-Tang ain’t nothing to fuck with
Young, dirty genius pale with a ghost face on
And I got the method, man to corrode your face off
Raekwon the industry with the lyrical napalm
That boils the spinal fluid in the disks of your spine
I’m grimy, the nineties, Hip-Hop in it’s prime
A real nigga, why? I made love to ‘The Light’
Motherfucker with heart, stuck in the ghetto staring at stars
And I better get an Oscar, cause these verses are Wilde
Flow deep like the Nile with a purpose that’s foul
My acapella will {Blaow!} the left side of your chest
And shit, I’m sorry lost my train of thought for a sec
Sometimes I spit for the ghetto so niggas jam like Tec’s
Cause our lives are short-lived but they are well spent
And I love the way her body felt when I had her bent
I’m fucked up! Anybody relate to my pain?
Turn the music up let me know that I’m sane
I heard dude was fucking you, but you screamed out my name
On my road to fame, nope, no deal
Just another dame I play, so, no frill
And I love H.E.R. but if the world’s against me
I ain’t a bitch, I won’t kneel
So fuck it take notes on  a ghetto nigga will