I just need to talk to you for a second
It won't take me long
I gotta get this off my chest
Listen

[Verse 1]
I'm really glad that you can take out time
'Cause I've got a lot on my mind
I never thought that you would be the kind
To do the dirt and hide your hand
Baby girl, won't you make me understand
Why you would say the things you said to me
You made me believe we would be forever
But it was all a lie

[Chorus]
If it never really was what you seen in me (Why did you say)
Why did you say you believed in me? (Yeah)
It's all because of you, my security (Is driving me crazy)
Is driving me crazy, baby (Crazy, baby, yeah)
If it never really was what you had for me (Why did you do this to me, baby?)
Why did you say that you wanted me (Wanted me), needed me
If it never really was what you meant for me
Tell me
You might also like[Verse 2]
Now I know I've asked you time and time again
Were you sure you didn't want another man?
I would've understood it back then
But you had to wait until I gave in
Now I know I've been a sucker for your love
Baby, tell me what the hell was I thinking of?
I should've listened to them when they told me
But I learned the hard way, yeah

[Chorus]
If it never really was what you seen in me (Never really was what you seen in me, oh, oh)
Why did you say you believed in me? (Yeah)
It's all because of you my security (Is driving me crazy)
Is driving me crazy, baby (Baby, baby, yeah)
If it never really was what you had for me (Never really was what you had)
Why did you say that you wanted me (Why did you say), needed me (Oh yeah, yeah)
If it never really was what you meant for me
Tell me

[Bridge]
Oh, help me, Lord
Why would you play with my heart
When I gave it all? (Oh, baby)
It's tearing me apart, girl (It's tearing me apart, baby)
All you had to do was say so (Yes, you did)
I would've let you go (Let you go)
You're making it so hard, girl (You're making it so hard, girl, yeah)
Why would you play with my heart
When I gave it all?
It's tearing me apart, girl (It's tearing me apart, girl, yeah)
All you had to do was say so (Why didn't you say, baby?)
I would've let you go
You're making it so hard, girl (Oh, yeah)
Tell me why, why, baby, yeah
[Chorus]
If it never really was what you seen in me
Why did you say you believed in me? (Why did you say it, baby?)
It's all because of you my security (Because of you)
Is driving me crazy, baby (I'm going crazy, baby, yeah, yeah)
If it never really was what you had for me (What am I to do?)
Why did you say that you wanted me, needed me (Oh, yes, you did)
If it never really was what you meant for me
Tell me (Why did you tell me you love me?)

[Outro]
If it never really was what you seen in me (Why did you make me believe in you?)
Why did you say you believed in me? (I just tried to give you what you needed, oh, my baby)
It's all because of you my security (Tell me why 'cause it's driving me crazy)
Is driving me crazy, baby (Would you just tell me why you lied to me?)
If it never really was what you had for me (Oh, my lady, yeah)
Why did you say that you wanted me, needed me (I believe what you told me, what am I to do? I believed in you)
If it never really was what you meant for me (Oh, I trusted you)
Tell me (Trusted you, my baby)