Yo, what's up? Miss me?
I miss you, tellin' me no
Yo, what's up? You want me?
I want you, tellin' me no

[Verse 1: Aaron Hall & Guy]
Remember what you said? (What you said) Talkin' on the phone (Talkin' on the phone)
Sayin' little things, freaky little things just to turn me on (Just to turn me on)
Turn me on, but when I try to come by
You have the tendency (The tendency) to wanna flip on me (Wanna flip on me)
If no means no (Oh), then I'll leave you alone (Leave you alone)
You keep tellin' me that you really wanna get it on (Wanna get it on)
When things get hot, that's when you begin to tease
Can't take it no more (I can't take it no more), so I'm gonna leave

[Chorus: Aaron Hall, Guy & Teddy Riley]
Why you tellin' me no (Oh, what's up?)
Then you're leadin' me on? (Oh, oh, miss me?)
Pushin' me away (I miss you)
When you know you want some (Tellin' me no)
Make up your mind (Oh)
I really don't have the time (Oh, oh)
Been waitin' too long (I want you)
So I gotta move on
Hey, and ooh
You might also like[Verse 2: Damion Hall & Teddy Riley]
I don't think you understand, I'm fed up with your ways
Tired of the games, so find another man (Find another man, man)
'Cause I'm not the one, got better things to do
Like being around somebody better than you (Better than you)
Don't play dumb (Ooh) 'cause you know the real
Just when I'm about turnin' things out
Now you know what I feel (I feel)
So you said you'll act right if I gave you half the chance
When that chance come around, you try to play with my head
(Try to play with my head)

[Chorus: Damion Hall, Guy & Teddy Riley]
Why you tellin' me no (Oh, what's up?)
Then you're leadin' me on? (Oh, oh, miss me?)
Pushin' me away (I miss you)
When you know you want some (Tellin' me no)
Make up your mind (Oh)
'Cause I really don't have the time (Oh, oh)
Been waitin' too long (I want you)
So I gotta move on and on (Ooh)

[Bridge: Damion Hall]
Why you wanna waste my time when the same thing's on your mind?
You know that I want you, you want me and that's not new
Save me the crazy games, it doesn't have to be this way
Either I'ma get it now or get it later
[Chorus: Damion Hall, Guy & Teddy Riley]
You tell me (No), oh, no (Oh, what's up?)
(On) Leadin' me on (Oh, oh, miss me?)
(Away) Pushin' me away (I miss you)
(Some) When you know you want some (Tellin' me no)
(Mind) Make up your mind (Oh)
(Time) We don't have the time (Oh, oh)
(Long) Been waitin' too long (I want you)
(On) On and on and on
(No) You're tellin' me no (Oh, yeah)
(On) Leadin' me on (Oh, oh, miss me?)
(Away) Pushin' me away (I miss you)
(Some) You know you want some (Tellin' me no)
(Mind) Make up your mind (Oh)
(Time) I really don't have the time
(Long) Been waitin' too long (I want you)
(On) I gotta move on
(No) Tell me no (Oh)
(On) Leadin' me on (Oh, oh, miss me?)
(Away) Pushin' me away (I miss you)
(Some) You know you want some (Tellin' me no)
(Mind) Make up your mind (Oh)
(Time) I really don't have the time (Oh, oh)
(Long) I've been waitin', waitin', waitin' (I want you)
(On) I gotta move on and on (Ooh)
[Outro: Aaron Hall]
What's up, you change your mind?
You ready for some of my time?
You want me to lay it down on the line?
Beg for it, drop to your knees, and take it
I know you want it, you woulda never came back for it