For every woman
That needs a man
There's a man, that needs you too, ah, baby
Maybe, I'm the man for you
You hear my heart, you fill my life
You make my day
I'm more in every way, my baby
'Cause you open me, can you feel it?

[Chorus]
I care for you, I wanna hear from you
All bets are on, me lovin' you (Baby)
Girl, I'll be there for you, can you feel it?
I miss you, boo (Ooh), I'm reminiscin' too
Our love is strong, girl, all I do (Alright)
Is wanna be with you, can you feel it?

[Verse 2]
The days go by
The nights are long
But I refuse to let you go
Maybe I'm crazy (Get a little crazy sometimes, I know)
Or maybe no one loves you better
With all my love, all my time
With all my heart, my soul, my mind, I will be here
I will be here, I'm waitin' for you
Waitin' for you, baby
Faithfully, can you feel it?
You might also like[Chorus]
I care for you (Hey, girl), I wanna hear from you
All bets are on, me lovin' you (Baby)
Girl, I'll be there for you, can you feel it?
I miss you, boo (Hey), I'm reminiscin' too
Our love is strong (Love is strong, girl), girl, all I do
Is wanna be with you, can you feel it? (Ooh)
What's best for you (Baby), is better for me too
Girl I was wrong (I was wrong), I'm in love with you
I wanna stay with you, can you feel it?
You got me hypnotized (Ooh), my baby's on my mind
Girl, please come home (Please come home), I'll do whatever you
You wanna do (Baby)

[Bridge]
I'll never leave you, and I'll never lie
I'll be faithful all my life
Can you feel it, girl?
Baby, alright
Give you all my love, and all my time
I'll give you all my world
Can you feel it, girl?
Baby, can you feel it?

[Chorus]
I care for you, I wanna hear from you
All bets are on, me lovin' you (Ah, girl, ah, girl)
Girl, I'll be there for you, can you feel it? (Can you feel it, baby?)
I miss you, boo, I'm reminiscin' too (Yeah)
Our love is strong (Our love is strong, girl), girl, all I do
Is wanna be with you, can you feel it? (Can you feel it?)
What's best for you (Oh), is better for me too
Girl I was wrong, I'm in love with you (Baby)
I wanna stay with you, can you feel it? (Can you feel it, girl?)
You got me hypnotized (Babe), my baby's on my mind
Girl, please come home (Please come home, girl), I'll do whatever you
You wanna do (Can you feel it?)
I care for you, I wanna hear from you
All bets are on, me lovin' you (Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh-oh)
Girl, I'll be there for you, can you feel it? (Can you feel it, baby?)
I miss you, boo, I'm reminiscin' too
Our love is strong, girl, all I do (I need you every day, girl)
Is wanna be with you, can you feel it? (Can you feel it?)
What's best for you (Hey), is better for me too
Girl I was wrong, I'm in love with you (I was wrong, babe)
I wanna stay with you, can you feel it? (Can you feel it, baby?)
You got me hypnotized, my baby's on my mind
Girl, please come home, I'll do whatever you (My baby's on my mind)
You wanna do
[Interlude]
All my love, all my life
All my time, baby
Can you feel it, girl? Hey, babe
Can you feel it girl? Baby?
Do you feel it like I feel it, girl?
Can you feel it, baby?
Hey, girl, baby, baby, baby, baby you
Can you feel it, baby?

[Outro]
Can you feel it?
Haha, but do you feel it like I feel it?
Yeah, I know it's like that sometimes
But I feel it, baby, I feel you